Course details 
Course Code: UKFPC17NHC
Location: Online
Duration: 3 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Nutrition and Hydration Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
Nutrition is the process of taking in nutrients from food, relevant to our various dietary needs. Our bodies need certain nutrients for continued growth, cell repair and other metabolic processes throughout life, and we thus need to be extremely aware of what to include in our diets.To be able to make informed decisions regarding our nutritional needs, it’s important to understand the basic principles behind nutrition, in which water and hydration also play a role.Various guides and tools may be used to help ensure we get the nutritional balance and support needed, including the Eatwell Guide and Malnutrition Universal Screening Tool (MUST), both of which will be discussed in this course. 


About the different types of nutrients our body needs and the various categories these nutrients can be broken down into.
What the benefits of water and staying hydrated are.
How the Eatwell Guide can help ensure you maintain a balanced diet.
How malnutrition is defined and the role the Malnutrition Universal Screening Tool plays in identifying malnutrition.



You will be able to identify the nutrients needed to maintain a healthy body.
You will better understand what different foods are made of and which category of nutrient they fall under.
Your knowledge will allow you to identify the signs of malnutrition and dehydration and equip you with preventative steps.
Your knowledge will improve your awareness of healthy eating and allow you to make more informed choices with regards to a balanced diet.


Course Lessons
Module 01: Introduction to Nutrition and Hydration
Module 02: Breakdown of Nutrients
Module 03: The Importance of Water and Hydration
Module 04: Maintaining a Balanced Diet with the Eatwell Guide
Module 05: Malnutrition and the Malnutrition Universal Screening Tool (MUST)
