Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17IDD
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Interior Design Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Interior Design course contains everything you need to know in order to prepare to work as an interior designer. Interior design is a popular career choice for many people who have an interest in the visual arts and home décor, and this profession can be both creatively and financially fulfilling. However, it is important to understand not only the fundamentals of interior design but also the practical side of working in this competitive industry.Once you understand the key issues that govern design projects, you will have the confidence to build your own personal style whilst helping your client devise their ideal home or commercial space. This course begins with a discussion of what interior designers do on a day-to-day basis, how they are trained, and the qualities necessary to succeed in this line of work. It then looks at a number of topics within interior design, enabling you to develop an understanding of how interior projects are managed. The modules within this course cover colour, project management, furniture, materials, textures, and much more. The course also contains clear, up-to-date information on what you need to consider when setting up your own interior design business. You will also learn about sustainability in interior design; an issue that has recently begun to receive attention in the industry.


What an interior designer does, the history of interior design as a profession, the most popular manual and digital tools used to complete projects, and the typical routes people follow when building their career as a designer.
How to plan a project, and work with clients and other contractors to ensure that a client brief is filled.
Important issues that will arise when planning and decorating specific types of space, including kitchens, offices, bathrooms, bedrooms and living rooms, and how to address them.
An overview of colour psychology, colour terminology and how interior designers use colour to enhance the appearance of a space.
The importance of selecting appropriate surfaces, materials and textures when deciding on a style and aesthetic, including floor and wall coverings.
The different ways in which lighting can alter the mood and appearance of a space, and how to select the right kind of illumination for any room.
How to choose furniture for any space, how to draw inspiration from the most popular kinds of style used in interior design, and how to customise furniture so that it fits your client’s vision.
How to make the most of textiles and accessories to add personality to any project.
What is meant by the term “green design”, and how you can make sure that your design practice is ecologically and ethically sound.
The steps you will need to take when starting your own business.



You can learn the material in any place, at any time, and at your own speed.
All you need is an internet-enabled device.
Content is presented as brief modules, making learning easy.
Access to an online support system.
A complete overview of the steps you need to take in order to become an interior designer, together with an overview of design theory and practice.
Affordable cost.


Course Lessons
Module 1: What is Interior Design?
Module 2: Planning a Project and Client Communication
Module 3: Planning Considerations for Different Types of Room and Spaces
Module 4: Use of Colour in Interior Design
Module 5: Use of Surface Materials and Textures in Interior Design
Module 6: Use of Lighting in Interior Design
Module 7: Sourcing and Selecting Furniture
Module 8: Working with Textiles and Accessories
Module 9: Sustainability and Ethics in Interior Design
Module 10: Running Your Own Interior Design Business
