Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17VMD
Location: Online
Duration: 12 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Visual Merchandising Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
Visual merchandising is one of a retailer’s most valuable assets. When done well, it can drive sales, inspire loyalty in customers, improve the buying experience and communicate a brand’s core values and ideals. This course will provide you with a comprehensive overview of the principles and practices of visual merchandising. Although the content focuses primarily on visual merchandising within a traditional retail environment, much of the material is also relevant in other art and design-based contexts, such as exhibition design, interior design, ecommerce-related web design, and event planning.This course addresses numerous practical aspects of visual merchandising, including the proper use of planograms, brand communication, the launching of sales campaigns, and arranging seasonal displays. You will learn exactly what drives a customer to make a purchase, and how to harness the shopper’s senses in such a way that they feel inclined to buy a product. Whether you are a small business owner wanting to learn how to show your products to their best advantage, an individual looking to break into the retail industry, or simply someone with a passion for the visual arts, you will soon develop a working knowledge of all key areas of visual merchandising. The knowledge you gain during this course will prepare you to enter this challenging yet rewarding and highly creative profession.


What visual merchandising is, why visual merchandising plays a vital role in the retail industry, and the ways in which visual merchandising practices have changed over time.
The various kinds of internal and external displays a visual merchandiser will create, the principles underlying good display design, and how planograms are used to guide visual merchandisers in their day-to-day work.
How visual merchandisers choose, dress and style mannequins when designing displays.
The most common types of fixtures and fittings used by visual merchandisers and how they are used to construct eye-catching displays.
Why a visual merchandiser needs to understand the principles behind an effective store layout and how these layouts are put together.
How visual merchandisers display home furnishings and related products in a way that promotes sales and improves customer engagement.
The challenges that come with displaying shoes and accessories, together with an overview of the most common techniques used to present items in these categories.
How visual merchandisers can play a key role in ensuring the success of sales and promotions.
The most pressing issues confronting retailers today and how they are shaping visual merchandising roles.
How to begin and develop a career in visual merchandising, together with an overview of alternative career paths for those with previous experience in retail merchandising.



You will gain an insight into the necessary qualities and qualifications needed for a career in visual merchandising, which will help you make informed choices when seeking training and employment in this sector.
You will be in a position to put together effective, attractive displays that incorporate both merchandise and props.
You will be able to apply for entry-level assistant merchandising roles, confident that you have knowledge of the underlying principles of contemporary retail displays.
You will be able to begin a career that could give you the opportunity to manage a visual merchandising team, and to assume considerable creative responsibility within a retail environment.
You can learn the material in any place, at any time, and at your own speed.
All you need is an internet-enabled device.
Content is presented as brief modules, making learning easy.
Affordable cost.


Course Lessons
Module 1: What Is Visual Merchandising?
Module 2: General Principles in Putting Displays Together
Module 3: Mannequins
Module 4: Stands and Other Store Fixtures Used in Visual Merchandising
Module 5: Planning Store Layouts
Module 6: Displaying Home Accessories, Homeware and Food
Module 7: Merchandising Shoes and Fashion Accessories
Module 8: Creating Effective Sales and Clearance Campaigns
Module 9: Issues in 21st Century Visual Merchandising
Module 10: Starting and Furthering Your Career as a Visual Merchandiser
