Course details 
Course Code: UKMC18MIN
Location: Online
Duration: 8 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Minute Taking Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
Minute taking is a key administrative role which significantly increases the effectiveness of meetings. Without quality minutes, organisations can fail to harness drive and motivation and teams can lose focus. Minutes act like a compass to guide the team by recording past decisions and tracking current discussions and actions.Without the specific skills needed to record information and output it in appropriate and effective ways, staff can become fearful of the process and refrain from taking the opportunity to practise critical skills. This course supports individuals to understand the role and learn the skills needed to effectively take minutes and support meetings, teams, groups, conferences and committees to enhance collaboration and efficiency.Minute taking is not just about writing notes. To be a good minute taker requires an in-depth understanding of how to prepare for the meeting, the responsibilities during the meeting and processes to follow once the meeting is over. There are also key skills in listening and communication which can rapidly enhance effectiveness and enjoyment of the role.Taking this course will prepare individuals to capture and output the correct level of detail and quality to meet internal and external compliance requirements. This course has been developed with experimental activities, detailed guidance and the opportunity to learn and practise the key skills and qualities mandatory for effective minute taking. The exercises, quizzes and worksheets assess progress as you go through the course, gradually building learning to a level of confident proficiency and expertise.Lessons you will learn in this course include:The benefits of taking this course include:Taking this course will help individuals conquer fears and enhance skills. Organisational effectiveness can be dramatically improved by getting this key ability established in individuals and within teams. Anybody can learn how to take accurate minutes and quickly see the benefit this brings to the entire organisation.


Understanding the basics of minute writing
The qualities of a minute taker
The benefits of taking minutes
Recording of minutes
Minutes layout
Minutes standards
Technology in minute taking
Common dos and don’ts when writing minutes


Nothing found for course benifits info.

Course Lessons
Module 1: Minute Taking Basics
Module 2: Standards for Minute Taking
Module 3: Pre-Meeting Preparation
Module 4: During And After The Meeting
Module 5: Personal Development
