Course details 
Course Code: UKMEC16STM
Location: Online
Duration: 7 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Stress Management In the Workplace Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Stress Management Diploma course will arm you with the knowledge and tools you will require to manage stress in any situation, including work. This course is a comprehensive course focusing on stress management, and it will help you to find success when dealing with stress and eventually overcoming stressful situations.We encounter stress each and every day, and many people work in highly stressful environments. Stress is good in some situations, but in others, it can deter one from doing their best when at work. In other cases, stress can become debilitating to the point where it can affect your well-being. In any case, this course will give you the tools required to manage the stress you have in your life.Introduction to the Stress Management DiplomaThis is an online course, which will allow you to work when it is convenient for you and gives you the ability to study at your own pace. It is possible to still work when taking this course, and many people do so, as you can apply what is learnt in this course to your day to day life.You can access the course on any device, as long as you have access to the internet, and you will also have access to online support via our website. The course also has a comprehensive syllabus, which is broken down into manageable, easy to do, modules.When you complete the course, you will be required to pass a multiple choice test. When passed, you will have earned your certification, which you can both download and print. We also offer to post these diplomas for an additional small cost.The Stress Management Diploma course will give you a full overview of how to manage your stress, and then apply these skills and information to your everyday life. This course includes:You will find a number of benefits to earning your stress management diploma online. These benefits are:


An overview of what is considered stress.
Dealing with stress at work
Understanding burnout and the formation of stress
Coping with stress and the effect stress has on the body
Developing confidence to deal with stress
Encouraging and responding to both positive and negative feedback
Learning how to manage stress in a positive way
Creating a personal action plan to deal with stress



Study from anywhere including at home, at work on your lunch break, and at any time that you find to be suitable.
The ability to study at your own pace, which allows you to complete the course when and how you want to. Complete it in a few days, weeks, or months.
Use any internet-enabled device to access the course, including tablets, mobiles and pcs.
This course is broken down into different modules, which are not only easy to manage, but also help to make studying more enjoyable.
You will have access to online support throughout the course, which helps to ensure that you always stay on track.
Once you learn these tips and hints, you will notice a great difference in how you are managing and dealing with stress in your life.
Affordable course that will benefit you for years to come.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : What Is Stress?
Module 2 : Individual Perceptions of Stress
Module 3 : Developing Face-To-Face Confidence
Module 4 : Handling Objections
Module 5 : Encouraging and Responding to Positive and Negative Feedback
Module 6 : Using Your Body Language for Impact
