Course details 
Course Code: UKMEC17ZEN
Location: Online
Duration: 8 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Zen Gardening Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
We have created this Zen Gardening course to give students all the information they require to build and care for a Zen garden. When you complete this course, you will know all you need to know about creating a Zen garden as well as how to keep it up over the years.The course contains topics ranging from understanding Zen and Buddhism to general garden maintenance and pest control. We have worked to ensure that this course allows you to create a Zen garden that you will love, and one that you can care for year after year.The course is totally online and offers students a convenient way to work through the course material that works best for their personal schedules. Students can continue to work full time while taking the course.By taking the Zen Gardening course, you will have access to the course materials from any internet-enabled device, including mobile phones, computers and tablets. You can also access our online support feature day or night.When the course is completed, you will get a course certificate to show the successful completion of the course. The certificate can be downloaded and printed from home, or you can pay a small fee, and we can post it to you.When this course is completed, you can easily create a Zen garden on your property. This course includes the following:As you begin studying this Zen Gardening course, you will experience the following:


A history of Zen gardening
Understanding Zen
What makes a garden Zen
How Zen gardens create harmony
Understanding the different elements of a Zen garden
How yin and yang affect a Zen garden
Understanding symbolism in a Zen garden
Gravel in a Zen garden
Creating a budget for a Zen garden
Planning for a Zen garden
Using Feng Shui in a Zen garden
Laying a foundation for your Zen garden
Putting plants in a Zen garden
Symbolism in a Zen garden
Water features in a Zen garden
Tools required for a Zen garden
Raking and maintaining a Zen garden



The chance to study anywhere you wish, 24/7. You can study from anywhere that has an internet connection.
No set time limit. This allows you to study when it is convenient for you. You can take days, weeks or months to complete the course.
Study from any device with an internet connection, including tablets, mobiles and computers.
An easy to understand course format that is divided into short modules. This keeps the study experience enjoyable.
Online support that is accessible 24/7. This helps you to stay on track.
Course training that includes activities, quizzes and worksheets.
Your odds of success are improved when you create your own Zen garden.
Earning a recognised certificate when finishing the course.
Affordable course material.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Zen Gardening
Module 2: Elements in a Zen Garden
Module 3: Creating Your Zen Garden
Module 4: Water Features in a Zen Garden
Module 5: Caring for Your Zen Garden
