Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16MXB
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Microsoft Excel for Beginners Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
One of the most widely used programs for visualising and analysing data is Microsoft Excel. This software is used in almost every industry, not to mention for personal use in households around the world. Small business owners rely on Excel to track hours, finances, and invoices, and large corporations rely on Excel for data analysis, to visualise data, and innumerable other tasks.Whether you are brand new to the world of Excel, or you have training and knowledge of the software and are looking to improve your skills, this series of courses can help. By the time you finish the beginner, intermediate and advanced courses, you, too, will be an expert in Excel.These training videos help you learn at your own pace, as there is no time limit nor deadline to complete the courses. You can also access these courses from any mobile device, including tablets, computers, and mobiles, as long as you have access to the internet.Since the lessons in this course are only a few minutes each, it makes it very convenient for one to stop and start when necessary. This helps to study when you have time, even if you have less than 20 minutes.Introduction to the Microsoft Excel for Beginners CourseThis beginners course is recommended for anyone who might use Excel at home or at work for uncomplicated reasons, such as tracking simple expenditures or for calculating sums or totals. This course is ideal for anyone who has never used Excel or for those who have only a rudimentary understanding of the software. It is also perfect for anyone who is familiar with the older versions of the software, but not the latest version. If you are re-entering the workforce, you will also find that this course will suit you well, and will certainly get you caught up with your peers.The course begins with explaining concepts, such as ‘What is a cell?’ and how to tell the difference between a column and a row. The course continues by explaining basic Excel concepts such as how to create, copy, delete, and cut information from Excel cells. You will also learn how to edit information that is put into a cell and how to insert and edit comments when using Excel.The second half of the beginners Excel overview, which is only a small part of the beginners course, will cover sheets, which is an entirely different concept than cells. In this section, you will learn how to rename a sheet, delete a sheet, hide and unhide a sheet, and move and copy a sheet. You will also learn how to change the colour of tabs.After mastering the beginners overview, the rest of the beginners course will go further into these concepts, and then teach details on how to perform basic functions.Each video in the course gives a full explanation of the concept and the instructor visually takes students through each concept step by step on the screen.When you finish this course, you will have a basic understanding of how to use many of the functions of Excel, and can use the program with ease. You will then be fully prepared to move ahead to the intermediate course.The MS Excel beginners course will give you a full overview of all of the most common features of Excel and how to use them. Some of the highlights of this course include:


A basic overview of Excel
Calculating sums, averages, and totals
Counting cells
Learning formulas, such as IF, COUNTIF, SUMIF, VLOOKUP, HLOOKUP, and AVERAGEIF
Pivot tables
Inserting, editing, and deleting comments
Creating borders
Wrapping text
Merging cells
Pasting, sorting, and converting columns to rows
Creating graphs and charts
Using the dictionary


Nothing found for course benifits info.

Course Lessons
Module 1 : Introduction to Excel
Module 2 : Add
Module 3 : Multiply
Module 4 : Subtraction in Excel
Module 5 : Dividing
Module 6 : Sort
Module 7 : Percentage
Module 8 : Running Totals
Module 9 : Print
Module 10 : Paste Special
Module 11 : Merge
Module 12 : Filter
Module 14 : AVERAGEIF
Module 15 : SUMIF Formula
Module 16 : IF Formula
Module 17 : VLOOKUP
Module 18 : HLOOKUP
Module 19 : COUNTIF Formula
Module 20 : COUNTBLANK
Module 29 : Doughnut Charts
Module 28 : Pie Charts
Module 27 : Pivot Tables
Module 25 : DATE Formula
Module 26 : MONTH Formula
Module 23 : CONCATENATE
Module 21 : COUNTA Formula
Module 31 : Column Charts
Module 32 : Bar Charts
Module 33 : Number Formatting
Module 34 : Create Borders
Module 35 : Conditional Formatting
Module 36: Comments
Module 22 : COUNT Formula
Module 24 : TRANSPOSE
Module 30 : Line Charts
Module 13 : AVERAGE
