Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16MXI
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Microsoft Excel Intermediate Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The MS Excel Intermediate Course will take what you learnt in the beginners course and expand upon it. Additionally, this course will teach you more advanced concepts than those that were presented in the beginners course.Some of the highlights of the intermediate Excel course include the following:Before jumping into the MS Excel Intermediate course, one should have a good basic overview of the beginner Excel functions. Those with experience in Excel might feel as if they can skip the beginner course, but it is best to at least go through the course and review it before starting the intermediate curriculum.Like the beginner course, the intermediate course is set up into short modules, and you can watch the module videos on any device that can connect to the internet. The curriculum in the intermediate course is designed for those who work with Excel in the workplace, and it is primarily for those who want to improve their skills with this program. There is a lot of useful information found in this course, and these skills are necessary for anyone who is going into investments, banking, or consulting, and will also be useful for administrators or for those who track or analyse a lot of data. If you are someone who is new to the workforce, you, too, will find that employers are looking for candidates with at least intermediate Excel skills.The course teaches students how to use functions, including AVERAGEA, AVERAGEIF, AVERAGEIFS and ABS. You will also learn data validation information and students work through several modules, each of which are focused on a type of data validation, such as date, list, and time. The course deals with more information on specific functions, which include CHAR, CODE, MEDIAN, MODE, and ROUND. Additional information is given on how to manipulate these functions to meet your needs as an Excel user.Other information in the MS Excel Intermediate Course includes how to change the text in Excel, i.e. changing text to all upper case or lower case. You will also learn how to change the background and add a custom image, how to use AutoFill and how to insert special characters.Upon completion of this course, you will know about most of the functions that Excel has, and how to use this software at an intermediate level. Additionally, you will have the skills necessary to use Excel in most business environments. You will also be fully prepared to begin the MS Excel Advanced Course.


Learning more about intermediate Excel functions including ABS, AVERAGEIF, AVERAGEIFS, and AVERAGEA
Data validation with date, list, time, and numbers
Functions such as RANK, MIN, MAX, CHAR, MODE, MEDIAN, CODE, CLEAN, and EXACT
How to remove duplicates in Excel
Creating random numbers
Changing text case
How to use Templates
Insert Charts
Adding custom backgrounds
How to use Tables
How to auto fill data
Adding special characters
Changing border colour and theme


Nothing found for course benifits info.

Course Lessons
Module 1: SumProduct Formula
Module 2 : Data Validation With Date
Module 3 : Data Validation with Whole Numbers
Module 4 : Data Validation with List Feature
Module 5 : ABS Function
Module 6 : CHAR Function
Module 7 : CLEAN Function
Module 8 : CODE Function
Module 9 : EXACT Function
Module 10 : AVERAGEA Function
Module 11 : AVERAGEIF
Module 12 : AVERAGEIFS Function
Module 13 : CELL Function With 10 Variations
Module 14 : LARGE Function
Module 15: MAX Function
Module 16: MEDIAN Function
Module 17: MIN Function
Module 18: MODE Function
Module 19 : N Function
Module 20 : RANDBETWEEN Function (Insert Random Numbers)
Module 21 : RANK Function
Module 22 : Remove Duplicate Values
Module 23 : ROUND Function Up/Down
Module 24 : Add Custom Background Image
Module 25: Change Text To Lower Case
Module 26: Change Text To Upper Case
Module 27: Change Text To Proper Case
Module 28: Insert Special Character
Module 29: Use Autofill : A Time Saving Trick
Module 30: Treemap Chart
Module 31: Sunburst Chart
Module 32: Use Tables
Module 33: Use Templates
Module 34: Use Themes
