Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16PRD
Location: Online
Duration: 10-15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Payroll Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices / browsers

Course Description
Are you currently working in the accounts department and you want to fast track your career and want to be more productive for your team and company? Do you own your own company and are hiring employees for the first time and you now have to learn the rules and regulations involved in payroll? This course will provide you with all the knowledge, tools and skills you need to complete payroll in an effective manner.Introduction to the Payroll CourseThis payroll course is broken down into twenty three information packed modules which are designed to provide you with all the essential tools and knowledge you need to complete payroll in an effective and orderly fashion at all times.The course is offered online, which enables you to study at your own pace and in your own time using any device connected to the internet. You can study using your computer at home or your laptop, or you can choose to use your tablet or phone, as long as you have an internet connection.The payroll course comes with a certification on successful completion, which is not only industry recognised, but it is also verifiable. This enables potential employers to confirm your credentials and hire you with complete confidence.You will have two chances to complete the test and pass. In the event you do fail the multiple choice test the first time, you will be given a second opportunity to revisit the modules and then take the test again. Remember, you will have lifetime access to the learning modules for added convenience.This course is brimming with useful and valuable information for you to learn and start using. The course is designed to provide you with insight that you can start incorporating into your work without delay. Some of the things you can expect to learn when completing the payroll course include:There are so many benefits of completing this payroll course, these include:


Get an understanding of what payroll systems are and why you need one.
Learn the basics of payroll systems. What you need to know, errors and the importance of communication.
Identify the payroll systems in the United Kingdom. What to include and working with HMRC.
Understand that you need to run an efficient payroll system. Staff training, reviews and record keeping plus so much more.
Get insight on how employees starting and leaving the business impacts payroll. This module will give you insight into what to do, P45's and time keeping.
Learn how to deal with HMRC when it comes to new employees, what information HMRC will need from you and how to ensure you pay the employee the correct amount each month or week.
Learn how to calculate gross and net pay. This module will teach you the difference between gross and net pay, how to calculate them and why you need wage slips for each employee.
Understand the different deductions you need to know about to come to net pay amounts.
Get insight into what is statutory pay, how long does an employee qualify, record keeping and reporting to HMRC.
Learn about the national minimum wage based on age groups.
Get an understanding of the national insurance contribution systems. This module includes why we pay, the different rates, employer contributions and more.
Learn how to manage the online PAYE system.
Identify what the employment allowance is.
Understand retirement schemes.
Learn the different programs available for payroll.
Tips to correct payroll errors.
Understand the importance of annual reporting.



Fast track your career.
Gain insight into managing your own payroll within the United Kingdom.
Know what you need to have an effective payroll system in place.
Study online at your own pace and using any device.
Enjoy the convenience of information packed modules.
Industry recognised certification on successful completion, which is also verifiable online.
Comprehensive syllabus complete with online support.
Lifetime access to modules to revisit and refresh whenever you wish.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Payroll Systems & Management: An Introduction
Module 2 : Learning the Basics about Payroll Systems
Module 3 : Understanding Payroll Systems in the UK
Module 4 : How to Run an Efficient Payroll
Module 5 : Employees Starting and Leaving the Business
Module 6 : Dealing with HMRC in Relation to New Employees
Module 7 : How to Calculate Net and Gross Pay
Module 8 : Net Pay Resulting from Voluntary and Statutory Deductions
Module 9 : Understanding Statutory Sick Pay
Module 10 : The National Minimum Wages for Different Types of Work
Module 11 : Understanding the National Insurance Contributions System (NIC)
Module 12 : When Employees Pay Less National Insurance Contributions (NIC)
Module 13 : Understanding the PAYE System
Module 14 : Dealing with the Online PAYE System for Employers
Module 15: The Employment Allowance
Module 16: Employment Termination Payments
Module 17: Understanding the Retirement Scheme
Module 18: Working Effectively with the RTI Computerised Payroll System
Module 19 : Payroll Computer Software/Programs
Module 20 : How to Correct Payroll Errors
Module 21 : Maintaining Employee Records
Module 22 : Annual Reporting and Other Tasks Connected with Payroll
Module 23 : A Summary of the Legal Obligations Associated with Payroll Systems
