Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16RBA
Location: Online
Duration: 12 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Retail Banking Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices / browsers

Course Description
Retail banking is increasing in popularity throughout the world as banks compete to take market share of private clients. Retail banking is unique and different to traditional banking, this type of banking focuses on the customer and their needs, putting packages and plans in place to ensure the clients financial needs are met at all times. Anyone already in the banking industry or anyone interesting in a career within the banking industry can gain insight and benefit from this information packed course.Information on the Retail Banking CourseThe retail banking course is an information packed online training course that you can access at any time of the day or night. This enables you to study at your own pace, either studying full time or working full time and studying in the evenings. During the course you have access to online support and as long as you have internet connection, you can use any device, so you can even study on the bus or tube on your way home from work each day.On completion of the course, you will be required to complete and pass the multiple choice test. You have two chances to complete the test. In the event you don't pass the first time, you will have the chance to revisit your modules, go over the areas you feel you didn't know and then retake the test. Once you pass you will be able to download and print your certificate immediately. Your certificate can be posted to you at an additional charge, should you prefer.This course is designed to provide you with all the knowledge and skills you need to be effective when it comes to retail banking. This is still a relatively new sector of the banking industry, so learning how it works and how to incorporate into your current bank can help you achieve success moving forward. Some of the things you can expect to learn include:There are so many great benefits to completing the retail banking course online. Some of the benefits you can expect to take advantage of include:


Get an introduction into retail banking, understand what this type of banking is and why it is becoming so important to banks now and moving forward.
Learn about the various financial systems and how they link to retail banking.
Identify the different types of banking and banking channels.
Understand the different retail banking products and how these differ from traditional banking products. What sets this apart from banking that has been used for years?
Get an understanding on retail mortgages and loans and why this is important in today's market place.
Learn about various banking services and how these relate to retail banking.
Identify the different banking payment systems to improve customer experience and meet their unique banking and financial needs.
This module will teach you about various banking operations which will be beneficial to you in the retail banking sector.
Learn about Islamic banking, what it is and how it can benefit you.
Get valuable insight into customer service and the importance thereof. Customer service can make the difference on whether the client opens an account with your bank or one of your competitors.
Understand money laundering, what it is, how it is carried out and what to watch for to reduce the risk of this happening on your watch.



Study online from anywhere at any time.
Use any device to study – computer, laptop, tablet or phone.
Comprehensive course broken down into manageable modules, making it easier to study.
Study at your own pace whether you choose to study full time or part time, complete the course in a matter of days or weeks, the choice is up to you and the time you have to dedicate to your studies.
Enjoy the convenience of online support during your studies.
Gain a lifetime access to all modules to revisit as and when needed.
On successful completion instantly download and print your industry recognised certificate.
All certificates are verifiable using their unique code.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to the Concept of Retail Banking
Module 2 : Financial Systems and an Overview of Banking Systems
Module 3 : Definition of Banks and Different Types of Banking with an Emphasis on Banking Channels
Module 4 : Job Opportunities and Careers in the Retail Banking Industry
Module 5 : Retail Banking Housing Loans and Mortgage Services
Module 6 : Retail Banking Services and Products
Module 7 : Understanding the Features of Credit Cards and Debit Cards
Module 8 : Retail Banking Services and Operations: Funds Transfer and Remittances
Module 9 : Financial Services offered by Retail Banks
Module 10 : Financial Services offered by Retail Banks – Insurance Products and Bancassurance
Module 11 : Banking Services in the Retail Sector Part III Gold, Safekeeping of Valuables, SIPP/Pension Funds, Payment of Utility Bills and Taxes, etc.
Module 12 : Banking Practices in the Retail Sector Part IV: Customer Relationship Management and Marketing of Banking Services
Module 13 : Islamic Banking Overview, Important Principles, and Benefits
Module 14 : Money Laundering Definition and Techniques, Adverse Effects and Countermeasures
