Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19ARB
Location: Online
Duration: 12 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Arabic Levels 1,2 &3 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Arabic is actually the most spoken language in the world! Not to mention, it is one of the most important, especially when it comes to business. There are dozens and dozens of countries that use Arabic as their primary form of communication and even more people around the world that speak it. Learning Arabic is certainly an amazing opportunity, leading to hundreds of chances to connect with new people and learn about new cultures. The task may seem daunting, since Arabic has its own alphabet, writing system, and a unique way of being spoken. That’s why this course is broken down into easy levels and small, appropriately paced modules.Level 1 focuses on giving you a wide understanding of the Arabic language and a solid foundation to build your knowledge on. You will start off by learning some important and useful phrases so you can begin to converse in Arabic right away. Level 1 continues by taking an in-depth look at the history and details of the Arabic language and slowly introducing you to important vocabulary, sentence structure, and how to speak properly.Arabic Level 2 is perfect for people who have already been introduced to the unique language and its alphabet. Level 2 focuses on solidifying your Arabic skills and offering you the opportunity to speak about things in more detail and with more confidence. The Middle East is one of the fastest-growing regions in the world and Arab speakers are involved in business and culture at increasing rates. Improving your knowledge of Arabic can only have a positive outcome. Learn more about the intricacies of the Arabic language and gain more and more confidence in your own skills with Level 2.Upon completion of Level 2 Arabic, you will have the ability to socialize in Arabic for longer periods of time and while using increasingly complex sentences and words. Arabic may be a challenging language to master, but Level 2 ensures that you are constantly practising and repeating your skills to gain more and more fluency. Arabic, like any other language, is full of logic and patterns that make it easier and easier to make sense of.Level 3 Arabic is the perfect way to revise your knowledge of Arabic and add some important elements to your fluency. Slowly add words to your vocabulary repertoire while also getting the chance to practise what you already know. Level 3 also gives you the chance to go over several new verbs and their conjugations, learn about nouns and adjectives and how they relate in Arabic, as well as speaking in other verb tenses like the future tense.Level 3 is the final level of your Arabic course and aims to equip you with the tools to speak Arabic fluently and continue strengthening your skills in the real world. All three of your Arabic levels have built on each other in order to give you the skills necessary to speak, write, and read Arabic with increasing confidence and ease. However, as with any language, the learning never stops! At the end of Level 3, you will feel ready to tackle the Arabic language and begin speaking more and more, expanding your skills daily.


Some basic conversational phrases and words
Important history and characteristics of the Arabic language
The Arabic letters and alphabet
How to pronounce things properly in Arabic
Several of the most common Arabic verbs



Gain important background understanding of Arabic to help you progress steadily in your learning
Learn conversational skills right away that can be used in any setting
Complete Level 1 with a solid foundation of vocabulary, verb, preposition, alphabet, and pronunciation knowledge
Focus on an even balance of language characteristics, verbs and other specifics, as well as vocabulary and conversational skills
Be able to speak about yourself and others right away after completing this level


Course Lessons
