Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19BPG
Location: Online
Duration: 7 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Brazilian Portuguese Levels 1 & 2 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
One of the Romance languages, Brazilian Portuguese is widely spoken in South America and one of the easiest languages for English speakers to learn. It’s also remarkably easy to learn for anyone who speaks French, Spanish, Italian, or other Romance languages. The structure of these languages is quite similar, making it easy to learn one after you’ve learned any of the others. If Brazilian Portuguese is one of the first languages you are learning - it’s a great place to start. Level 1 offers you the chance to start learning about what makes it so interesting, gain an interesting assortment of vocabulary, and an extensive conversational ability.Portuguese is even one of the European Union’s official languages, and it’s a widely spoken language in the world of business. There’s no denying that a knowledge of Portuguese will surely come in handy.If you already know some Brazilian Portuguese or Portuguese, Level 2 Brazilian Portuguese is a great course for you. Throughout Level 2, you will get the chance to practise your existing skills while also continually adding to your knowledge. Level 2 focuses on some of the most important verbs in Brazilian Portuguese as well as some common topics of conversation. The goal of Level 2 is to reinforce your current knowledge while sustainably adding additional information to your repertoire. You will dive a little deeper into the rules and intricacies of the Brazilian Portuguese language and what sets it apart from Portuguese itself.Upon completion of Level 2, you will be equipped with a wide variety of new speaking, writing, and listening skills in Brazilian Portuguese. Each level is aimed to give you additional confidence to use your newfound language skills in the real world, and the modules will give you the tools you need to do just that. You will be able to absorb information sustainably and quickly with the expertly designed and paced modules.


The basics of having a conversation in Portuguese
The Portuguese alphabet, and pronunciation broken down into consonants, vowels, and diphthongs
Several of the most useful verbs in Portuguese along with their respective conjugations
How to ask and answer basic questions
A wide variety of vocabulary words, reinforced throughout each module that you complete



Learn about the history, varieties, and characteristics of the Portuguese language and what sets it apart from other languages
Gain a conversational fluency in the sixth most spoken language in the world, opening doors to new people, cultures, and opportunities
Begin your Portuguese education with modules designed to help you absorb information without feeling overwhelmed
You will begin to learn about Portuguese grammar and syntax, focusing on the simple present verb tense, direct objects, as well as the proper use of adjectives
You will learn to count in Portuguese, as well as how to use gender, negate sentences, and use indefinite articles


Course Lessons
