Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19CMD
Location: Online
Duration: 6 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Chinese (Mandarin) Levels 1,2 &3 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Learning Chinese may seem like an overwhelming task due to the completely unique alphabet that is far from the common Latin alphabet. However, it’s not actually as hard as it seems to tackle the Chinese language! Chinese is the most spoken language in the world, with billions of speakers concentrated especially in China, Taiwan, and other Asian countries. Learning Chinese opens up your abilities to connect with a huge part of the world’s population and explore the interesting aspects of Asian culture. A part of the Sino-Tibetan language family, this course will focus on Mandarin or Standard Chinese.The goal of Level 1 is to leave you with a wide basis of vocabulary, an ability to converse freely in Chinese, and a beginner’s knowledge of Chinese grammar, sentence structure, and syntax. Upon completion of this course, you will be able to have conversations in Chinese and will have a strong foundation to continue learning the language and new vocabulary.If you already know some Chinese, Level 2 Chinese is a great course for you. Throughout Level 2, you will get the chance to practise your existing skills while also continually adding to your knowledge. Level 2 focuses on some of the most important verbs in Chinese as well as some common topics of conversation. The goal of Level 2 is to reinforce your current knowledge while sustainably adding additional information to your repertoire. You will dive a little deeper into the rules and intricacies of the Chinese language as well as the interesting culture behind this ancient and historic language.If you already have a basis of knowledge and are somewhat confident in Chinese but want to take your skills to the next level - Level 3 Chinese is the ideal course for you. Level 3 focuses on giving you the tools to tackle some of the most complex and irregular parts of the Chinese language. In Level 3, you will learn about specific words that are important in Chinese. You will also get the chance to reinforce and practise your knowledge of the Chinese writing system- one of the toughest parts about learning Chinese!Level 3 is ideal for ensuring that you truly understand the ins and outs of the Chinese language. This will help with Chinese writing skills and make it easier and easier for you to converse in Chinese, even with native speakers! This is the final level in your Chinese course, and it aims to give you the necessary tools to use your Chinese in day-to-day life and truly understand when you read or hear it elsewhere.


How to converse in Chinese at a basic level
The Chinese alphabet and Chinese sentence structure to kick start your understanding of the language
A wide array of Chinese vocabulary
A selection of the most used Chinese verbs and how they are conjugated
A beginner’s guide to Chinese grammar and how to use it in conversation and writing



Start off your Chinese education with a solid foundation and important details of the language
Learn useful skills and pieces of conversation to start speaking Chinese as soon as possible
Complete this course with a basic ability to speak and understand Chinese
Focus on Chinese grammar, syntax, and sentence structure to ensure proper comprehension and the ability to use written Chinese
You will understand how to identify, understand, and respond to basic questions in Chinese


Course Lessons
