Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19TLA
Location: Online
Duration: 7 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Italian Level 1 & 2 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Whether you’re preparing for a trip to Italy, planning to surprise an Italian friend or business partner, or simply want to know more about one of the world’s most romantic languages- Italian Level 1 is the ideal course for you. Level 1 focuses on reminding you of any Italian skills you may already have, even if you don’t know it yet! Then, the course moves on to give you the tools to start speaking basic Italian and understanding how the language functions. In this course, you will gain a conversational understanding of Italian while also ensuring to take the time to properly learn pronunciation and structure.With modules like Italian Sounds, Italian Alphabet, and Italian language characteristics, this course prepares you for the real world and gives you all the important tools you need to start understanding, writing, and speaking in Italian. Level 1 is the perfect place to start your Italian education. Learning a language may feel like a massive undertaking but learning piece by piece and level by level is the perfect way to achieve milestones quickly and build a true and lasting knowledge of the language.Italian is one of the most prominent languages in the realm of arts, cuisine, and design. If you already know a little bit of the language but are interested in expanding and perfecting your speaking skills- Level 2 is the perfect course for you. Learning Italian can open many doors of opportunity. Research has proven that learning a new language opens may pathways in the brain and is one of the best forms of intellectual exercise. Not to mention, Italian has close similarities with other Romance languages like Portuguese, French, and Spanish. Learning Italian opens a doorway into all of these Latin-rooted languages and makes it easier for you to understand and maybe even learn all of these other amazing languages.Level 2 Italian focuses on amplifying your existing Italian skills while also adding to your vocabulary. Modules focus on types of words like pronouns and nouns, as well as several modules dedicated to the various verb tenses in Italian.


How to introduce yourself in Italian and hold short, useful conversations in the language
How to properly use the Italian alphabet and pronounce Italian letters and words
About the most used verbs and how to properly conjugate them
How to answer basic questions and tell people about yourself
How to speak about liking or disliking something or someone



Gain a strong basis of Italian vocabulary
Start learning about what sets Italian apart from other languages and how to master those differences rather than get overwhelmed by them
Absorb information efficiently and quickly with short, perfectly designed modules
Learn conversational skills to help improve your Italian right away
Gain a solid understanding of the most common Italian grammar rules, sentence structure, and syntax specificities


Course Lessons
