Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19SPA
Location: Online
Duration: 6 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Spanish Level 1 & 2 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Learning Spanish gives you access to hundreds of millions of Spanish speakers across the globe. As one of the liveliest cultures and most spoken Romance languages, Spanish is a useful and fun language to learn. For English speakers, or speakers of other Romance languages like French, Italian and Portuguese, it’s one of the easiest languages to learn. Spanish has a similar structure to the other Romance languages and is considered to be even simpler than English. Starting off with Level 1 Spanish is the perfect way to remind you of the small amount of Spanish you probably already know and expand on your skills and vocabulary further from there.Spanish is a useful language for anyone to learn. Spoken in high concentrations in Mexico, the U.S., Spain and South America, Spanish has become one of the most spoken languages in the entire world. Not to mention, it’s one of the easiest languages for native English speakers to learn. Many English speakers already have a working knowledge of Spanish simply because of the thousands of similar words between the two languages. If you already know some Spanish, or you’ve completed Level 1, but want to take your skills and fluency to the next level, Level 2 Spanish is the perfect fit.Having a mastery of Spanish is a huge benefit for those who enjoy traveling, conduct business in Spanish-speaking countries, or simply want to learn a new language for fun. Level 2 focuses on expanding your Spanish skills, helping you dive deeper into the form and function of the language, and adding plenty of new words to your vocabulary. Practice is the key to truly becoming fluent in any language, and Level 2 offers the perfect opportunity to practise your Spanish skills and slowly increase how easy it is to converse in the language.


The Spanish alphabet as well as the important characteristics of the language
Some of the most used Spanish verbs such as studying, working and living - as well as the proper conjugations of each one
How to carry a basic conversation in Spanish and ask about topics like work, food, and preferences
How to use prepositions, pronouns, and conjunctions in Spanish
Throughout the modules, you will pick up hundreds of useful vocabulary words and have the chance to practise them repeatedly



Gain a wide and useful repertoire of Spanish vocabulary and phrases that will help you gain a conversational ability
Start off your Spanish education with modules designed to help you absorb and remember as much information as possible
You will be equipped with the most common verbs, a basic knowledge of sentence structure and grammar, as well as a wide array of Spanish vocabulary.
Learn about what sets Spanish apart from other languages, what its main characteristics are, and how the Spanish alphabet works
Complete Level 1 with the confidence to speak, write, and understand Spanish in any setting


Course Lessons
Module 1: test
