Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19SWE
Location: Online
Duration: 6 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Swedish Levels 1,2 &3 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Another predominant Scandinavian language, Swedish is the only official language of Sweden and is spoken by 10 million people around the world. Swedish shares some similarities with other Germanic languages, particularly Scandinavian languages like Finnish and Norwegian, since they’re all rooted in Old Norse. Learning Swedish offers an interesting insight into the remarkable beauty and culture that is found in Sweden. Not to mention, it’s a user of the Latin alphabet and learning is as easy as taking the leap into this Level 1 course that will help you learn all you need to know about Sweden and the Swedish language.The goal of Level 1 is to leave you with a wide basis of vocabulary, an ability to converse freely in Swedish, and a beginner’s knowledge of Swedish grammar, sentence structure, and syntax. Upon completion of this course, you will be able to have conversations in Swedish and will have a strong foundation to continue learning the language and new vocabulary.If you already know some Swedish, Level 2 Swedish is a great course for you to continue your learning and gain new skills. Throughout Level 2, you will get the chance to practise your existing skills while also continually adding to your knowledge. Level 2 focuses on some of the most important verbs in Swedish as well as some common topics of conversation. The goal of Level 2 is to reinforce your current knowledge while sustainably adding additional information to your repertoire. You will dive a little deeper into the rules and intricacies of the Swedish language and what sets it apart from Swedish itself.If you already have a basis of knowledge and are somewhat confident in Swedish but want to take your skills to the next level, then Level 3 Swedish is the ideal course for you. Level 3 focuses on giving you the tools to tackle some of the most complex and irregular parts of the Swedish language. Level 3 is the final level of your Swedish course and aims to equip you with the tools to speak Swedish fluently and continue strengthening your skills in the real world.Level 3 is ideal for ensuring that you truly understand the ins and outs of the Swedish language. This will help with Swedish writing skills and make it easier and easier for you to converse in Swedish, even with native speakers! This is the final level in your Swedish course, and it aims to give you the necessary tools to use your Swedish in day-to-day life and truly understand when you read or hear it elsewhere.


How to converse in Swedish at a basic level
The Swedish alphabet and Swedish sentence structure to kick start your understanding of the language
A wide array of Swedish vocabulary
A selection of the most used Swedish verbs and how they are conjugated
A beginner’s guide to Swedish grammar and how to use it in conversation and writing



Start off your Swedish education with a solid foundation and important details of the language
Learn useful skills and pieces of conversation to start speaking Swedish as soon as possible
Complete this course with a basic ability to speak and understand Swedish
Focus on Swedish grammar, syntax, and sentence structure to ensure proper comprehension and the ability to use written Swedish
You will understand how to identify, understand, and respond to basic questions in Swedish


Course Lessons
