Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19TRK
Location: Online
Duration: 6 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Turkish Levels 1,2 &3 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Turkey is often seen as the gate connecting Europe to the Middle East and Asia - a unique blend of culture and languages. The official language of Turkey is Turkish, spoken by millions of people inside and outside of the country. Although Turkish used to use its own Ottoman Turkish alphabet, it now uses the Latin alphabet, making it a little bit easier for learners to tackle. Not to mention, the language is the most spoken Turkic language in the world and doesn’t have noun cases or genders - making it one of the best languages for beginners to learn.The goal of Level 1 is to leave you with a wide basis of vocabulary, an ability to converse freely in Turkish, and a beginner’s knowledge of Turkish grammar, sentence structure, and syntax. Upon completion of this course, you will be able to have conversations in Turkish and will have a strong foundation to continue learning the language and new vocabulary.If you already know some Turkish, Level 2 Turkish is a great course for you. Throughout Level 2, you will get the chance to practise your existing skills while also continually adding to your knowledge. Level 2 focuses on some of the most important verbs in Turkish as well as some common topics of conversation. The goal of Level 2 is to reinforce your current knowledge while sustainably adding additional information to your repertoire. You will dive a little deeper into the rules and intricacies of the Turkish language, as well as learn some of the unique cultural aspects that make Turkish so interesting.Upon completion of Level 2, you will be equipped with a wide variety of new speaking, writing, and listening skills in Turkish. Each level is aimed to give you additional confidence to use your newfound language skills in the real world, and the modules will give you the tools you need to do just that. You will be able to absorb information sustainably and quickly with the expertly designed and paced modules.If you already have a basis of knowledge and are somewhat confident in Turkish but want to take your skills to the next level, then Level 3 Turkish is the ideal course for you. Level 3 focuses on giving you the tools to tackle some of the most complex and irregular parts of the Turkish language. In Level 3, you will learn about specific topics to help you expand your knowledge of rules and vocabulary, as well as learn plenty of conversational phrases and words that can be use right away.Level 3 is ideal for ensuring that you truly understand the ins and outs of the Turkish language. This will help with Turkish writing skills and make it easier and easier for you to converse in Turkish, even with native speakers! This is the final level in your Turkish course, and it aims to give you the necessary tools to use your Turkish in day-to-day life and truly understand when you read or hear it elsewhere.


How to converse in Turkish at a basic level
The Turkish alphabet and Turkish sentence structure to kick start your understanding of the language
A wide array of Turkish vocabulary
A selection of the most used Turkish verbs and how they are conjugated
A beginner’s guide to Turkish grammar and how to use it in conversation and writing



Start off your Turkish education with a solid foundation and important details of the language
Learn useful skills and pieces of conversation to start speaking Turkish as soon as possible
Complete this course with a basic ability to speak and understand Turkish
Focus on Turkish grammar, syntax, and sentence structure to ensure proper comprehension and the ability to use written Turkish
You will understand how to identify, understand, and respond to basic questions in Turkish


Course Lessons
