Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19VTN
Location: Online
Duration: 6 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Vietnamese Levels 1,2 &3 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
The official language of Vietnam, Vietnamese is spoken by over 96 million people worldwide. The highest concentrations of Vietnamese speakers are found in Vietnam, China, and Czech Republic. It’s considered to be Austroasiatic language and is one of the easiest Asian languages to learn for English speakers, since it uses the Latin alphabet. Vietnamese shares some similarities with Chinese and is actually the fifth most spoken language in the United States - especially in Texas and Washington. Vietnamese has truly become a worldwide language, so it is considered a very useful skill. Why not learn about this intriguing and widespread language by starting with Level 1 now?The goal of Level 1 is to leave you with a wide basis of vocabulary, an ability to converse freely in Vietnamese, and a beginner’s knowledge of Vietnamese grammar, sentence structure, and syntax. Upon completion of this course, you will be able to have conversations in Vietnamese and will have a strong foundation to continue learning the language and new vocabulary.If you already know some Vietnamese, Level 2 Vietnamese is a great course for you. Throughout Level 2, you will get the chance to practise your existing skills while also continually adding to your knowledge. Level 2 focuses on some of the most important verbs in Vietnamese as well as some common topics of conversation. The goal of Level 2 is to reinforce your current knowledge while sustainably adding additional information to your repertoire. You will dive a little deeper into the rules and intricacies of the Vietnamese language and what sets it apart from other Asian languages and makes it unique.Upon completion of Level 2, you will be equipped with a wide variety of new speaking, writing, and listening skills in Vietnamese. Each level is aimed to give you additional confidence to use your newfound language skills in the real world, and the modules will give you the tools you need to do just that. You will be able to absorb information sustainably and quickly with the expertly designed and paced modules.If you already have a basis of knowledge and are somewhat confident in Vietnamese but want to take your skills to the next level, then Level 3 Vietnamese is the ideal course for you. Level 3 focuses on giving you the tools to tackle some of the most complex and irregular parts of the Vietnamese language. In Level 3, you will learn about specific words that are important in Vietnamese. You will also have the chance to strengthen your conversational skills and learn phrases that you can use right away.Level 3 is ideal for ensuring that you truly understand the ins and outs of the Vietnamese language. This will help with Vietnamese writing skills and make it easier and easier for you to converse in Vietnamese, even with native speakers! This is the final level in your Vietnamese course, and it aims to give you the necessary tools to use your Vietnamese in day-to-day life and truly understand when you read or hear it elsewhere.


How to converse in Vietnamese at a basic level
The Vietnamese alphabet and Vietnamese sentence structure to kick start your understanding of the language
A wide array of Vietnamese vocabulary
A selection of the most used Vietnamese verbs and how they are conjugated
A beginner’s guide to Vietnamese grammar and how to use it in conversation and writing



Start off your Vietnamese education with a solid foundation and important details of the language
Learn useful skills and pieces of conversation to start speaking Vietnamese as soon as possible
Complete this course with a basic ability to speak and understand Vietnamese
Focus on Vietnamese grammar, syntax, and sentence structure to ensure proper comprehension and the ability to use written Vietnamese
You will understand how to identify, understand, and respond to basic questions in Vietnamese


Course Lessons
