Course details 
Course Code: UKPC19WLH
Location: Online
Duration: 6 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Welsh Levels 1,2 &3 Certification
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Welsh is a language primarily spoken in Wales, England, and around 700,000 speakers worldwide. It is a part of the Indo-European group of languages, rooted in Common Brittonic and the only official language in Wales. There are thousands of people currently learning Welsh, why not join them with this Level 1 course that will take you through all the basics of the language. As a language with a unique history and increasingly used in the world of business, it’s certainly a useful skill to develop. Prepare for a holiday, surprise a Welsh friend or gain a sense of satisfaction simply from the accomplishment of learning a new language!The goal of Level 1 is to leave you with a wide basis of vocabulary, an ability to converse freely in Welsh, and a beginner’s knowledge of Welsh grammar, sentence structure, and syntax. Upon completion of this course, you will be able to have conversations in Welsh and will have a strong foundation to continue learning the language and new vocabulary.If you already know some Welsh, Level 2 Welsh is a great course for you. Throughout Level 2, you will get the chance to practise your existing skills while also continually adding to your knowledge. Level 2 focuses on some of the most important verbs in Welsh as well as some common topics of conversation. The goal of Level 2 is to reinforce your current knowledge while sustainably adding additional information to your repertoire. You will dive a little deeper into the rules and intricacies of the Welsh language and what sets it apart, making it a unique and rich language to learn.If you already have a basis of knowledge and are somewhat confident in Welsh but want to take your skills to the next level, then Level 3 Welsh is the ideal course for you. Level 3 focuses on giving you the tools to tackle some of the most complex and irregular parts of the Welsh language. In Level 3, you will learn about specific words that are important in Welsh, gaining conversational tools that you will be able to use right away.Level 3 is ideal for ensuring that you truly understand the ins and outs of the Welsh language. This will help with Welsh writing skills and make it easier and easier for you to converse in Welsh, even with native speakers! This is the final level in your Welsh course, and it aims to give you the necessary tools to use your Welsh in day-to-day life and truly understand when you read or hear it elsewhere.


How to converse in Welsh at a basic level
The Welsh alphabet and Welsh sentence structure to kick start your understanding of the language
A wide array of Welsh vocabulary
A selection of the most used Welsh verbs and how they are conjugated
A beginner’s guide to Welsh grammar and how to use it in conversation and writing



Start off your Welsh education with a solid foundation and important details of the language
Learn useful skills and pieces of conversation to start speaking Welsh as soon as possible
Complete this course with a basic ability to speak and understand Welsh
Focus on Welsh grammar, syntax, and sentence structure to ensure proper comprehension and the ability to use written Welsh
You will understand how to identify, understand, and respond to basic questions in Welsh


Course Lessons
