Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17ITC
Location: Online
Duration: 22 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Health and Social Care Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Health & Social Care Certificate course contains all the knowledge you require to understand the role of a carer.This course has been designed to give students a full overview of all you need to know to work as a carer, even if you are new to the industry. You will learn everything from how to safely handle other people to how to safely use technological advances in the workplace. We have ensured that this course contains all the information required to enhance your future or current career.The Health and Social Care Certificate course is completed entirely online, which gives you the opportunity to learn at your own pace. We provide 24/7 access to the course materials, too, which means you can study when and where it is convenient for you. We also offer online support for those who require extra help.Many students complete the care course when working full time, which gives you a chance to train without losing valuable income. Remember, the course is flexible, so you can learn whenever it is convenient for you.You can access this course from any device with an internet connection. The modules are flexible, easy to navigate, and short enough to handle in a sitting.Upon completing the course, there is a multiple choice exam that you must pass. When you do so, you will earn your certificate. This certificate can be printed directly from the course website, or we can post the diploma to you for a fee.The Health and Social Care Certificate course was created to give students all they require to step into this thriving industry. Upon completing the course, you can decide if the role of a carer is right for you, or whether you want to seek out further educational opportunities in the carer field.The carer course covers the following:Those who take the carer course will benefit from the following:


Your rights as a carer
Safe practices at the workplace
Safeguarding vulnerable adults
Fire safety
Controlling and preventing infection
Heart health and basic adult life support
Food safety
Mental capacity laws
Mental health awareness
First aid
Dementia
Safeguarding children



The ability to study from any location as long as you have an internet connection.
Capacity to study at the pace that is right for you without any added deadline pressure.
The use of any device you choose, including tablets, computers and mobile phones.
Easy to learn and digest course materials thanks to short modules and activities.
Online support available when needed.
Ability to access the full syllabus at any time, which keeps you focused.
An increase in confidence in the carer field while learning to excel at a pace that is comfortable for you.
You will obtain recognised certification when completing the course, which will improve your career prospects.
Affordable course material, which is accessible 24/7.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Best Practices for the Safe Handling of People
Module 2: The Rights and Roles of Carers
Module 3: Safe Practices for Manual Handling Activities in the Workplace
Module 4: Guidance for Carers on the Safeguarding of Vulnerable Adults
Module 5: Fire Prevention and Safety
Module 6: Preventing and Controlling the Spread of Infection
Module 7: Health and Safety for Employees in the Care Sector
Module 8: Heart Health and Adult Basic Life Support (BLS)
Module 9: A Carer’s Guide to Food Safety and Hygiene Designed to Protect People from Harm
Module 10: A Care Worker’s Guide to COSHH (Control of Substances Hazardous to Health)
Module 11: Master Communication – Avoiding the Barriers
Module 12: Understanding Mental Capacity Laws and the Depravation of Liberty Safeguards
Module 13: Mental Health Awareness for Community Care
Module 14: Equality, Diversity and Human Rights
Module 15: First Aid Awareness
Module 16: Dementia Awareness
Module 17: Data Protection – Safeguarding Confidential Personal Data
Module 18: The Roles of Carers for Safeguarding Children
Module 19: Display Screen Equipment: The Safe Use of Technology at Work
