Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17HSW
Location: Online
Duration: 12 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Health and Safety in the Workplace Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
Health and safety applies to everyone in the workplace. Every year, thousands of people suffer from work-related illness and injury. When workers need to take time off, the organisation suffers – so it is in an employer’s best interest to keep their workers safe and healthy.In this course, you will learn about the most common hazards workers face on a daily basis. You will discover how health and safety law works in both theory and practice, equipping you to spot hazards in any working environment, and to play a role in minimising harm.Whether you are an employer, employee, or self-employed individual, this course will provide you with a thorough grounding in health and safety law in the UK. You will discover that health and safety is not merely an exercise in bureaucracy, but a necessity in the maintenance of a productive workforce.


What health and safety means, why it is important that everyone in the workplace understands their responsibilities, and how health and safety legislation is implemented.
Why employers must carry out risk assessments, what they need to do once they have identified workplace hazards, and when they are legally obliged to keep records.
The risks that come with manual handling activities including lifting and carrying, and how these can be prevented.
The dangers posed by electricity and the measures employers need to take in order to minimise the risk of electric shock and death.
The factors that make fires and electrical explosions more likely to occur in the workplace, and how these hazards can be minimised or eliminated.
The precautions that need to be put in place when working at height, and how to use ladders and stepladders in a safe manner.
Why workers may suffer stress in the workplace, the relationship between work and mental health, and how employers can support their employees in maintaining psychological wellbeing.
The physical and emotional consequences of exposure to noise and vibration in the workplace, and how changes to equipment and work procedures can reduce the chance of adverse effects.
The many risks posed by vehicles in the workplace, and how employers can ensure that sites, drivers and vehicles are suitable for the job.
The benefits of first aid and how an employer can assess the first aid provisions they must make in the workplace.



If you are an employer, this course will help you understand how to meet your obligations under UK law.
The knowledge of health and safety you will gain is a great starting point if you wish to pursue a career as a health and safety adviser.
If you are an employee, your knowledge of health and safety will help you alert your employer to any hazards in the workplace, which will safeguard everyone’s wellbeing.
You will learn about the role trade union officials and employee representatives play in health and safety, so this course is useful if you perform this kind of role at work.
Your knowledge will make you an attractive candidate for roles that require you to supervise people undertaking potentially dangerous work.
You can study from any location with an internet connection.
Learn the material at any time and at your own pace.
Lifetime access to the course – no deadlines.
Obtain a recognised certification when completing the course, which will improve your career prospects.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Health and Safety in the Workplace
Module 2: Risk Assessment in the Workplace
Module 3: Manual Handling in the Workplace
Module 4: Electrical Safety in the Workplace
Module 5: Fires and Explosions in the Workplace
Module 6: Working At Height
Module 7: Dealing with Stress, Anxiety, Depression and Violence in the Workplace
Module 8: Dealing with Noise and Vibration in the Workplace
Module 9: The Safe Use of Vehicles in the Workplace
Module 10: First Aid in the Workplace
