Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17NAD
Location: Online
Duration: 12 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Nursing Assistant Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
Nursing assistants enjoy exciting and rewarding careers in the field of healthcare and are valued members of the medical team. They form a crucial part of the healthcare system in the UK and facilitate effective delivery of healthcare in different institutions such as hospitals, clinics, hospices, eldercare homes and private homes.Nursing Assistants provide invaluable services including ambulatory, hygiene and adjunct care among other duties. They report to the nurse and are responsible for a wide range of tasks.This course is designed to provide information on different aspects of becoming a nursing assistant.


The roles and responsibilities of a nursing assistant as well as the science and art of care giving.
How to provide meals and how to feed patents who require assistance.
About safety procedures while handling patients as well as infection control procedures that help minimise the outbreak of disease.
How to record the vital signs and how to report the information to the supervising nurse.
How to provide care for patients with specific needs including patients with dementia or Alzheimer’s.
How to handle emergency situations.
As a nursing assistant, you will also become familiar with recognition, management and reporting of pain in patients and promoting adequate sleep and rest.
About communication and relationship-building skills that will help you offer exceptional services to patients and their families.
Lastly, the course will provide tips on preparing a CV and attending interviews as well suggest ways to look for suitable job opportunities.



The ability to study anywhere at times that suit you
Study at your own pace, with no deadlines: complete it as quickly or as slowly as you like
Use any internet enabled device to study on, including computers, tablets and mobile phones
Follow the course easily thanks to interesting, informative modules, which make studying fun
A convenient online support system, helping you to stay on track throughout the course
A comprehensive curriculum, providing you with the knowledge you need to work in the healthcare sector
Earn a certified, recognised diploma
An affordable cost


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Introduction, Roles, Responsibilities and Duties of a Nursing Assistant
Module 2 : Nursing Care and Principles and Dress Code
Module 3 : Working in Different Healthcare Settings
Module 4 : Patient Confidentiality, Recognising Different Forms of Abusive Behaviour and Understanding Patient Needs
Module 5 :  Developing Cultural Sensitivity and Communication Skills
Module 6 : Infection Control, Cleanliness and Hygiene (Part I)
Module 7 : Infection Control, Cleanliness and Hygiene (Part II)
Module 8 : Good Body Mechanics: How to Lift, Push and Pull
Module 9 : Understanding Risk Factors and Preventing Injuries and Accidents
Module 10 : How to Maintain a Comfortable Environment and Bed-Making in Healthcare Settings
