Course details 
Course Code: UKFEM14BCA
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: BCCA (British Cleaning Certificate Award)
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Whether you want to start your own successful cleaning business or you want to improve your career prospects within the company you currently work for, you will find that the British Cleaning Certificate Award can be a useful step in the right direction.Introduction to the British Cleaning Certification Award (BCCA)This industry recognised certification includes twenty two information packed modules that you can learn at your own pace in your own space. This online training takes approximately ten hours to complete with online support that you can rely on and trust.The course covers the essential things you need to know to boost your career within the British cleaning industry. It provides you with the ability to improve your earning potential.On completion of the course you will be required to pass a multiple choice test, which covers all the modules you have just completed. On passing, with a pass rate of seventy percent, you will have the ability to download and print your certificate and start using it to improve your cleaning career without delay.The twenty two modules are overflowing with valuable information that you can use in your cleaning career, this includes:


Understand the cleaning industry from career prospects to starting your own cleaning business.
Know the different types of cleaning jobs from domestic cleaning to commercial and industrial cleaning. Identify whether it is worthwhile to work for someone or own your own cleaning business.
Get to grips with essential cleaning equipment. Know what equipment you will need and how to use it. Also learn how to effectively store cleaning equipment.
Learn about chemical safety, including the chemicals you will use on a daily basis. Know the difference between acidic, alkaline and neutral chemicals and what they are used for.
Understand the job in detail. This includes working hours, average earnings and working conditions.
Learn essential cleaning techniques and expected standards. This includes dusting surfaces, cleaning glass and mirrors, how to clean speciality surfaces and what standards you need to maintain.
Know about cleaning products and protective clothing, helping you identify what you should wear to protect your clothes, speciality cleaning products and clothing branding to boost brand visibility.
Understand the importance of effective kitchen cleaning. Learn about food safety, how to effectively clean a cooker and a refrigerator and so much more.
Identify how to complete commercial kitchen cleaning to the highest standard.
Know the best routine to clean a bathroom and toilet area. Learn about the best routines and why you should have colour coded cloths.
Understand hospital cleaning from areas you may need to clean to health and safety requirements.
Learn how office cleaning differs from residential cleaning and identify various techniques to effectively clean staff toilets.
Know what equipment you will need for industrial cleaning, along with the difference between wet and dry industrial vacuum cleaners and how to keep safe when cleaning these environments.
Identify with green cleaning solutions from homemade cleaning products to steam cleaning and more.
Know the reporting procedures. Reporting procedures include regulation reporting, injury and disease reporting and get to know what an accident book is.
Know what it takes to clean outdoor areas. You will learn about planning, preparation, safety and legal requirements.
Learn how to deal with non-categorised waste. You will get to know the different types of waste and how to manage the transfer flow of waste to ensure cleanliness at all times.
Get to know more about working in confined spaces and why and how to conduct a thorough risk assessment before you begin to ensure your safety.
Learn more about running an ironing service and what this entails.
Receive valuable information on starting your own cleaning business from what you will need, the benefits and disadvantages and more to help you decide if this is the best choice for you and how to proceed.
Learn more about marketing your business, what insurances you will need, tax and more.



Improve your career prospects.
Improve your earning potential with the knowledge and skills obtained in this course.
Show the BCCA logo on your marketing and promotional materials to provide your clients with peace of mind when using your services.
Industry recognised certification on completion.
Download and print your certificate as and when you need it.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Finding Your Career: A Job in the Cleaning Corps
Module 2 : The Different Types of Cleaning Jobs
Module 3 : Cleaning Equipment
Module 4 : Chemical Safety and Competence
Module 5 : About The Job
Module 6 : Meeting Clients and Your Behaviour in Clients’ Homes/Workplaces
Module 7 : Keyholding and Alarm Codes for Cleaners
Module 8 : House Cleaning
Module 9 : Cleaning Products & Clothing
Module 10 : Food Kitchen Cleaning
Module 11 : Commercial Kitchen Cleaning
Module 12 : Bathrooms & Toilets
Module 13 : Hospital/Medical Practice Cleaning
Module 14 : Office Cleaning
Module 15: Industrial Cleaning Equipment
Module 16: Green & Steam Cleaning
Module 17: Pressure Washing & Machine Sweeping
Module 18: Reporting Procedures
Module 19 : Cleaning External Surfaces & Areas
Module 20 : Dealing with Non-Routine Waste
Module 21 : Running an Ironing Service
Module 22 : Starting Your Own Cleaning Business
Module 23 : Marketing a Cleaning Business
Module 24 : Taking on Staff
Module 25 : Communication Skills and Dealing with Customer Complaints
Module 26 : Business Insurance, Equipment & Tax
