Course details 
Course Code: UKFEM14IRD
Location: Online
Duration: 5 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Start Your Own Ironing Business Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
The ironing diploma is the perfect course choice for anyone who wants to improve their career prospects or open their own ironing service business. The course teaches you everything you need to know about ironing and running your own successful business.Introduction to the Ironing DiplomaThe ironing diploma is an industry recognised certification which is broken down into eleven manageable modules, taking approximately five hours to complete. The course teaches you how to use your new skills and how to implement the skills into your own business to achieve success.This course is offered online, which enables you to study at your own pace without any schedules or deadlines. If you like you can take months to complete the course while working full time. An affordable one-off payment gives you access to all eleven modules, online tutoring and on successful completion and passing of the multiple choice test at the end, you can download and print your certificate.This course is going to take you through eleven information packed modules, each one providing you with knowledge, skills and guidance to improve your career prospects or start your own ironing services business.The modules cover the following:Completing this course will provide you with a host of benefits, these include:


A basic introduction to ironing where you will learn about the demand for this service, why you should consider opening your own business and how to get up and running in the shortest space of time.
Learn the importance of a business plan and what to include in your plan. Also get valuable advice on the five financing options to get your business off the ground.
Understand how working from home can be the most cost-effective solution when starting your own business, but also pitfalls you may encounter along the way.
Get a good understanding of the types of items you will be asked to iron, what pricing structure you should put in place, along with services you may want to offer, such as drop off and collection services.
Know about ironing equipment from the type of iron you should buy to choosing the right ironing board and so much more.
Learn the art of ironing from ironing various clothing items to speeding up your ironing abilities to complete more items in the shortest space of time.
Understand the importance of customer care. You will learn how to improve your service levels and how to ensure you enjoy repeat business.
Learn all there is about advertising. You will learn how to set advertising goals, where to advertise, what your adverts should include and how to advertise your business effectively to achieve the best results.
The course will teach you how to name your business to create a name that is memorable. You will learn how to register your business and whether registration is essential. You will also learn where you must display your name.
Learn the ins and outs of insurance and tax from registering as self-employed and operating as a sole trader to income tax and national insurance requirements.
You will also gain some valuable insider tips and advice from time management tips to the importance of ironing in an odour free environment.



An easy syllabus broken down into eleven information packed modules to help you achieve success.
Improve your career prospects by using the skills and knowledge you learn when completing this course.
Carry an industry recognised certification which you can use to push your own business or to improve your career prospects with your existing employer.
Learn how to run your own successful ironing services business.
Identify what you need to promote your business effectively.
Gain insight, information and tips to help you grow your business and achieve success on a daily basis.
Learn how to exceed your clients' expectations to enjoy a high percentage of repeat business.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Getting Started
Module 2 : Research, Planning & Finance
Module 3 : Working From Home
Module 4 : Services & Pricing
Module 5 : Equipment
Module 6 : How to Iron
Module 7 : Customer Care
Module 8 : Advertising Your Services
Module 9 : Naming & Registering Your Ironing Service
Module 10 : Legal & Tax
Module 11 : Hints, Tips & Troubleshooting
