Course details 
Course Code: UKLM19BBW
Location: Online
Duration: 5 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Be a Better Writer (Lightning Skills Bundle) Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Writing is an essential part of everyone’s life. Whether you are someone creative or not, it’s likely that writing plays a role in your life. Many people think that writing is only important for career writers or people working in the arts. However, it’s actually an important skill no matter who you are or what kind of industry you work in. Learning to write, and to write well, is a great way to help you present yourself professionally and create useful, clear content for your business.Being a good writer doesn’t mean any one thing. There are so many ways to develop your own personal style in writing and so many ways to excel in this field. The important part is to access the basics and learn about the building blocks that make your writing readable and professional. That’s exactly what this course bundle aims to give you. Keep reading to find out what you will learn throughout these courses and what the benefits are.The Be a Better Writer Certificate Course Bundle will allow you to explore a number of different writing skills, formats and background knowledge that you need to improve as a writer. No matter where you work or what your professional goals are, becoming a better writer is an essential skill that will be useful in any kind of endeavour.


About how to write in a business setting and how to write many different types of business documents. This includes such processes as document writing, email writing, and even sales proposals. There are so many ways to write these types of documents, so it’s essential to look at each of them individually and develop your skills.
About how to write in personal or creative settings. Writing truly does touch every aspect of life and has the potential to be involved in so many different areas and industries. You will learn about various ways to write, including unique strategies on scriptwriting and even travel writing.
How to develop skills that will support you in your writing, such as the ability to stop procrastinating.



You will have access to 10 courses, each dedicated to giving you a comprehensive understanding of a different writing-related topic. By the end of this course bundle, you will be well-versed in several different areas of writing.
This course bundle is specifically organised to give you the best possible selection of writing courses. It is designed to help you improve your skills and knowledge as quickly and efficiently as possible. There is no wasted time; you will learn the most important topics and valuable skills.
You will be able to expand on the skills that you already have. This course bundle isn’t just useful for people who are totally new to writing, it’s also great for anyone who wants a refresher on their knowledge.
You will be able to improve your CV upon completion of this course bundle. This can help prove to potential employers that you not only have these skills but also that you are committed to learning all about this particular subject.


Course Lessons
Module 01: Email Etiquette Certificate
Module 01: Writing Skills
Module 01: Researching
Module 01: How to Write Better Emails
Module 01: How to Stop Procrastinating
Module 01: Introduction
Module 02: The General Structure
Module 03: What to Avoid
Module 01: Business Letter Writing
Module 01: Introduction to Travel Writing
Module 02: The Benefits of Travel Writing and the Steps to Becoming a Travel Writer
Module 01: Introduction to Script Writing
Module 02: The Benefits of Scriptwriting and How to Become a Scriptwriter
Document Presentation
