Course details 
Course Code: UKMG19CWP
Location: Online
Duration: 18 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: The Complete Writing and Proofreading Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
The written word is everywhere. Regardless of the specific job you work or the hobbies you have, familiarity with writing skills is a key part of your success. Without being able to express yourself clearly, appropriately and concisely, you are not going to be understood and may miss out on opportunities – both career-wise and in life.The writing course bundle includes carefully curated content designed to help you become a better writer regardless of initial skill level. Everything from basic grammar skills to finding ways to consistently create new and interesting content is covered. Students, sales staff, administrative professionals and even CEOs can benefit from the tips, tools and lessons contained in this bundle.This combined course bundle includes: Having excellent spelling skills is a huge asset in any job, helping you get your message across exactly as intended. Unfortunately, the English language is not exactly straightforward, with many seemingly conflicting rules about capitalisation, prefixes, suffixes and phonetics. This course reviews the most common mistakes people make when spelling, giving you the ability to improve your writing and communicate with ease.Many companies use business reports as the basis for numerous decisions, including the allocation of resources and distribution of staff. Reports are also used to track a project’s progress and to communicate the results of various campaigns. Learn how to write persuasive and factual business reports with this thorough course covering all the basics.It can be hard to get your message out to the masses, especially if you are just starting to create your own content. There is a lot of work that goes into determining what your target market wants, how they want it delivered and how to put it together in a way that they are going to find interesting. This course reviews each detail of content creation, telling you how to put together images, texts and videos geared to inspiring your audience and gaining more page views.Copywriting is a skill that is a lot more involved than it sounds. Taking existing information and transforming it to suit your needs involves research skills, familiarity with search engine optimisation, as well as the ability to carefully craft a clear and compelling message. Learn how to adapt to different tones, implement SEO strategies in your work and connect with your audience.Experts believe that there were over 281 billion emails sent and received each day throughout 2018. By 2022, they believe this number is going to grow to more than 333 billion. This means it is more important now than ever before to understand how to use email to your advantage. Learn more about email etiquette and other tips on how to get your message read.Note taking is an incredibly useful skill; one that can push you to excel in the classroom as well as the boardroom. Carefully writing down information as you are hearing it helps you to process it faster, commit more to memory and gives you a resource if there are disputes later on. This course teaches you several techniques you can use to improve your note-taking skills.Everyone makes mistakes, but you don’t have to let those errors sneak out into the world. Careful proofreading takes your writing to the next level, removing all the typos and grammatical mistakes and leaving only your well-written words behind. Learn the fundamentals of proofreading, including the most common mistakes writers tend to make.Punctuation misuse is one of the most common errors made when writing. Something as minor as a wrong comma or misplaced apostrophe can change the entire meaning of a sentence. This course goes into detail about the punctuation rules all English writers should know, including how to use commas, semicolons and quotation marks in your work.A perfectly written sales proposal can quite literally change your life. A sales proposal is at the heart of most major business deals. If your prospective client cannot understand the heart of your pitch, they are not going to invest in your product. Learn how to put together sales proposals your clients find easy to understand and incredibly compelling.Good writing skills can carry you far, leading to success in school, in business and even in your personal life. This course gives you the skills you need to communicate well in every area of your life. Discussing emails and general tips you should always keep in mind, this course has everything you need to succeed.


Advanced Spelling
Business Report Writing
Content Creation
Copywriting
How to Write Better Emails
Note Taking
Proofreading
Punctuation Mastery
Writing Sales Proposals
Writing Skills Certificate



Understand how to communicate clearly in writing, whether you are working on assignments, reports, memos or even emails
Learn more about the rules of writing, including appropriate spelling, grammar and punctuation
If you are interested in a career in writing, learn more about the basics so you can perfect your copy
If you are in the business world, learn how to use the written word to your advantage, creating compelling proposals and compressive reports
Reach a larger audience, capture your client’s attention or even convince your boss to give you a raise by mastering the written word


Course Lessons
Module 01: Writing Skills
Module 01: Punctuation Mastery
Module 01: How to Write Better Emails
Module 01: Proofreading Basics
Module 01: Copywriting Basics
Module 02: Capturing Your Audience
Module 03: Sealing the Deal
Module 04: Search Engine Optimisation (SEO)
Module 01: What Do Good Notes Look Like
Module 02: Linear Note Taking
Module 03: Non-Linear Note Taking
Module 04: Taking Notes on Written Material
Module 01: What are Business Reports Used For and Why are they Important?
Module 02: Organise and Plan the Business Report
Module 03: How to Structure  a Business Report
Module 04: How to Write a Business Report
Module 05: Common Mistakes and What to Avoid When Writing a Business Plan
Module 01: What is Content Creation?
Module 02: How to Generate Ideas for Your Content
Module 03: How to Create High-Impact Content
Module 04: Measuring the Success of Your Content
Module 01: Introduction
Module 02: The General Structure
Module 03: What to Avoid
Module 01: Introduction to Travel Writing
Module 02: The Benefits of Travel Writing and the Steps to Becoming a Travel Writer
Module 01: Introduction to Script Writing
Module 02: The Benefits of Scriptwriting and How to Become a Scriptwriter
