Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16DYX
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Dyslexia Awareness Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This Dyslexia Awareness Diploma course offers students the ability to learn all about the condition, and how it can be handled. This course is full of information that will help you not only learn to deal with dyslexia yourself, but also how to help children or others who you come in contact with. This is an excellent course for teachers or for others who wish to learn more about this condition.Dyslexia can be a difficult condition to manage, but there are methods that can make learning easier for those who have been diagnosed. This course will give you an overview of the types of dyslexia, and what type of support is available for the condition. You will also learn how the law in the UK affects those with dyslexia.Introduction to the Dyslexia Awareness DiplomaThis is an internet-based training course that gives students the opportunity to study the material when it’s convenient. Many people who take the course can work a full time job while they study, which helps them to easily achieve their goals of learning about dyslexia.You can access the study material for this diploma course from any device with an internet connection, and receive online support as you train. When you complete the course, you must take an exam, and when completed, you will receive a recognised diploma that you can print out at home. Alternatively, we can post the diploma to you for a small cost.This dyslexia awareness diploma course was designed to give students a complete overview of dyslexia, which will help in both their professional and personal lives.This course will cover:There are a number of benefits to those who complete the dyslexia course and earn their diplomas.These include:


An introduction to dyslexia
The causes of dyslexia
How dyslexia is diagnosed
An overview of the different types of dyslexia
How dyslexia affects phonics, writing, spelling, and speaking
How dyslexia affects maths and science skills and creativity
What it’s like to live and work with dyslexia
What conditions often occur along with dyslexia
Managing dyslexia
What laws are in place to protect those with dyslexia



The ability to study from anywhere and at any time, even when at work or away from home.
The option to study as quickly or slowly as you wish, as there is no time limit for the course.
The capability to study from any device including computers, mobile phones, or tablets.
An easy to understand course structure, which is broken down into short modules.
The convenience of support when you require it, all online.
A full syllabus, which virtually guarantees that you will get the knowledge you require to work and support those with dyslexia, both in your personal and professional lives.
Improving prospects when applying for work or volunteer opportunities with those who have dyslexia.
An affordable pricing structure.
Upon completion, you will receive a certified diploma.


Course Lessons
Module 1: What is Dyslexia?
Module 2 : The Causes and Diagnosis of Dyslexia
Module 3 : Types of Dyslexia
Module 4 : Dyslexia and Phonics
Module 5 : Dyslexia and Writing and Spelling
Module 6 : Dyslexia, Speaking and Listening
Module 7 : Dyslexia and Mathematics
Module 8 : Dyslexia and Science
Module 9 : Dyslexia and Creativity
Module 10 : Dyslexia for ESL (English as a Second Language) Learners
Module 11 : Living and Working with Dyslexia as an Adult
Module 12 : Co-Occurring Conditions with Dyslexia
Module 13 : Management and Support for Dyslexia
Module 14 : Dyslexia and the Law
