Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16CPD
Location: Online
Duration: 12 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Level 3 Child Psychology Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Child Psychology Diploma will provide you with all the knowledge you need to succeed in this field in the United Kingdom. This information packed training course gives you everything you will need to know about child psychology and push yourself forward in your chosen career.During childhood, there is a rapid development of the mind and body. This course will give you a full introduction to the study of child psychology, and as you work through the material, you will obtain a much deeper understanding of how psychologists work with children to improve their psychological states.Introduction to the Child Psychology DiplomaThis training course is offered online, which gives you the ability to study at your own pace and in your own time. You can still work a full time position while studying to get the certification you need to help you achieve your dream of working in the child psychology profession.The child psychology diploma is accessible on any device with access to the internet, complete with online support throughout your training. The course comprises of a comprehensive syllabus broken down into easy and manageable modules.On completion of the course you will be required to complete a multiple choice test and, once passed, you will be awarded with your industry recognised certification, which you can download and print, or you can have posted to you at an additional cost.The child psychology diploma is designed to provide you with a complete overview, enabling you to start your journey towards your new career.This course includes:There are so many benefits of completing your child psychology diploma online, these include:


An introduction into child psychology. How psychologists work with children to improve their psychological states.
Research and theories on child development and how to apply these theories.
An overview of cognitive development, from infancy to adolescents.
Information on genetics and the interaction between genes and the environment.
The nature/nurture debate and the science supporting each side.
Learn about a child’s physical development from birth and how the body prepares for adulthood.
An overview of social development and how to support a child through these changes.
The stages of emotional development and how it’s linked with a child’s performance at school.
Learn about childhood intelligence concepts.
Learn about the importance of a child’s early relationships.
Language and communication milestones.
How to improve self-esteem and confidence in children.
Signs of behavioural problems and specific treatments.
Understand why proper nutrition is important for a child’s development.
The transition from adolescence into adulthood.



Study from anywhere and at any time that is suitable to you. You can study at home after work or during your lunch break.
Study at your own pace, complete the course within days or months based on your current schedule and workload.
Study using any device, from your PC when at home, to your tablet or mobile phone when on the move.
The course is broken down into easy to manage modules to ensure the most enjoyable learning experience at all times.
Enjoy the convenience of online support throughout your study experience to ensure that you stay on track at all times.
Learn from a comprehensive syllabus, which is guaranteed to give you the knowledge you need to fast track your career within the child psychology profession.
Improve your prospects when applying for jobs in this field.
Enjoy the added benefit of a certified diploma that you can trust.
Affordable pricing structure.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Child Psychology
Module 2 : Child Development Research and Theories
Module 3 : An Overview of Cognitive Development
Module 4 : Cognitive Development in the First Year
Module 5 : Cognitive Development in the Toddler and Preschool Years
Module 6 : Cognitive Development in the Middle Years
Module 7 : Cognitive Development and the Teenage Years
Module 8 : Genetics
Module 9 : The Nature/Nurture Debate
Module 10 : Physical Development
Module 11 : Social Development
Module 12 : Emotional Development
Module 13 : Intellectual Development
Module 14 : Attachment and Relationship Building
Module 15 : The Role of Separation in Child Development
Module 16 : Language and Communication
Module 17 : Self-Esteem and Confidence
Module 18 : Behavioural Problems
Module 19 : Gender Roles and Differences
Module 20 : Education: Schooling, Learning Difficulties and High Intelligence
Module 21 : Health and Nutrition in a Child’s Development
Module 22 : Developing Into Adulthood
