Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16TAD
Location: Online
Duration: 20 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Teaching Assistant Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Introduction to the Teaching Assistant DiplomaThis teaching assistant course is offered online, which gives you the ability to study at your own pace and in your own time. You can still work a full time position while studying to get the certification you need to secure your dream position in the teaching industry.The teaching assistant diploma course is accessible on any device with access to the internet, complete with online support throughout your training. The course comprises of a comprehensive syllabus broken into easy and manageable modules.On completion of the level 2 teaching assistant course you will be required to complete a multiple choice test and once passed you will be awarded with your industry recognised certification, which you can download and print or you can have posted to you at an additional cost.The teaching assistant diploma is designed to provide you with a complete overview, enabling you to start your new position in the education industry in the shortest period of time. This course includes:There are so many benefits of completing your teaching assistant diploma online, these include:


The role of the teaching assistant along with valuable information about the position.
Get a good understanding on schools, including hierarchy and curriculums throughout the country.
Learn best practices when working in a classroom.
Identify different student behaviours and how to deal with them.
Understand various learning activities and how to use them to support the curriculum.
Learn the different school policies, laws and welfare of children in the United Kingdom.
Have a good understanding of literacy and how to support pupils.
Learn about numeracy and its importance in everyday life.
Get a good understanding on why play is so important and how it is important in education.
Learn about health and safety and first aid in the school environment.
Get information on working with children with special needs.
Learn how to support talented children in your classroom.
Get valuable insight into working with children whose first language is not English, along with the benefits of being bilingual.
The course will teach you how to handle children with different behavioural issues, along with the personal development of children moving forward.
Understand how to engage parents in their children's learning and the importance thereof.
Get an understanding of various extracurricular activities and how you can assist with them.
Learn the importance of working as a team and how to support your teacher to ensure that the children receive the best education at all times when in your care.



Study from anywhere and at any time that is suitable to you. You can study at home after work or during your lunch break.
Study at your own pace, complete the course within days or months based on your current schedule and workload.
Study using any device, from your PC when at home, to your tablet or mobile phone when on the move.
The course is broken into easy to manage modules to ensure the most enjoyable learning experience at all times.
Enjoy the convenience of online support throughout your study experience to ensure that you stay on track at all times.
Learn from a comprehensive syllabus, which is guaranteed to give you the knowledge you need to fast track your career within the education industry.
Improve your prospects when applying for teaching assistant positions.
Enjoy the added benefit of a certified diploma that you can trust.
Affordable pricing structure.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Defining and Explaining the Role of a Teaching Assistant
Module 2 : Understanding Schools as Organisations
Module 3 : Supporting Development in Pupils: Practice and Policies
Module 4 : Supporting the Teacher and the School
Module 5 : Applying Learning Activities to Support the Teaching of the Curriculum
Module 6 : Legislation, Legal Obligations and School Policies to Ensure Pupil Wellbeing
Module 7 : Learning Literacy Skills with Teaching Assistant Support
Module 8 : Learning Numeracy Skills with Teaching Assistant Support
Module 9 : Supporting the Use of Information and Communication Technology
Module 10 : Supporting Play and Learning
Module 11 : Supporting Pupils with Disabilities and Special Education Needs
Module 12 : Supporting Gifted and Talented Pupils
Module 13 : Working With Children Who Don’t Have English as a First Language
Module 14 : Managing Behaviour, Providing Pastoral Support and Engaging in Personal Development
Module 15 : Engaging Parents in Their Children’s Learning
Module 16 : Planning and Delivering Learning Activities Under the Direction of the Teacher
Module 17 : Leading Extracurricular Activities
Module 18 : Working Effectively as a Team and Promoting Good Working Relationships
Module 19 : Confidentiality, Equal Opportunities, Safeguarding, Promoting Equality & Diversity With Students
Module 20 : Health, Safety and First Aid
