Course details 
Course Code: UKFEM14CCC
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Cabin Crew Certificate Award
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Have you always wanted to work on an aircraft and be zipped around the world? Do you already work in the aviation industry and want to improve your career prospects? The cabin crew certification will teach you everything you need to know to enjoy a successful career as a valued member of the cabin crew on board planes around the world.Introduction to the Cabin Crew CertificationThis online study course is designed to give you an introduction into cabin crew careers. It is broken down into twenty informative and manageable modules, which take around ten hours to complete.You study online at your own pace. As long as you have access to the internet, you can study from anywhere where you are comfortable, whether it's at home or at your desk during your lunch break. Because there is no schedule or deadline to complete the course, you can work full time and study when you have the time, you can complete the course in two days or two months, this is down to personal preference and the time you have available.When you have studied all twenty modules, you will need to complete a multiple-choice test with a pass mark of seventy five percent. In the event you don't pass the first time, you will be given an opportunity to go back over the modules and retake the test. On successful passing, you can download and print your certificate.The twenty information packed modules will teach you the following:


Understand passenger aviation. This covers the history of cabin crew members, what to expect when working as a member of a cabin crew and the hierarchy on the airline.
Learn about the different aircrafts you can work on from private charters to budget flights and which offer the best career prospects looking forward.
Get an understanding of the aviation rules. You will learn which governing bodies regulate British air travel, what ATOL is and how the regulations change and what you can do to prepare for these changes.
Identify with various aviation abbreviations. Know when they are used, why you need to know them and the most common abbreviations you will hear throughout your career.
Learn how to adapt to different time zones and how currencies are calculated.
Get an understanding of weather conditions and interruptions. You will learn more about turbulence, what weather conditions can impact a flight and how to keep your passengers safe.
Know the layout of a commercial flight from the area names to what areas you can and cannot enter.
Learn about communications systems and passenger announcements. You will learn how to effectively communicate with passengers and flight crew. You will also learn how to adapt your tone of voice when using the communications systems.
You will learn about the galley (kitchen). You will learn how to keep it safe, how to use it for storage and how to maintain privacy in the galley at all times.
Learn about emergency exits on the plane from the different types and locations to opening them in the event of an emergency.
Learn everything you need to know about hand luggage from when it's not appropriate to legal guidelines, restrictions and storage.
Understand emergency equipment and how to use it.
Learn about the different flight procedures and what you need to know.
Know the different types of emergencies you may be faced with when on duty.
Know how fires on board may start and how to handle them effectively.
Learn the importance of health and safety for crew and passengers.
Get essential medical and first aid knowledge you may need during a flight.
Understand about your uniform and personal grooming and why it is so important.
Get useful advice on fatigue management.
Learn valuable crew resource management tips and advice.



Improve your career prospects.
Learn valuable knowledge, skills, advice and guidance to help you achieve success as a valuable member of the cabin crew.
Study online from anywhere.
Study at your own pace.
Use any device to access your study modules.
Enjoy the convenience of online support throughout your studies.
Download and print your industry recognised certificate on successful completion.


Course Lessons
Module 1: About Passenger Aviation
Module 2 : Types of Airlines
Module 3 : Aviation Regulation
Module 4 : Understanding Aviation Abbreviations
Module 5 : Geography and Time Zones
Module 6 : Weather Conditions and Aviation Interruptions
Module 7 : Layout of the Commercial Aircraft
Module 8 : Passenger Announcements and Communication Systems
Module 9 : The Galley
Module 10 : Emergency Exits/Doors
Module 11 : Cabin Area Hand Luggage
Module 12 : Familiarisation of Emergency Equipment
Module 13 : Flight Procedures
Module 14 : Emergency Procedures & Stress Management
Module 15 : Fire & Teamwork in the Event of a Fire
Module 16 : Aviation Security & Health and Safety
Module 17 : Medical & First Aid
Module 18 : Cabin Crew Uniform & Personal Grooming
Module 19 : Fatigue Risk Management
Module 20 : Crew Resource Management
