Course details 
Course Code: UKFEM15REP
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Holiday Rep Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Important: Due to COVID-19, please ensure that you check the local government rules and regulations regarding travel.This comprehensive course can enhance your career prospects as a holiday representative. Whether you are fresh and new to the travel industry or you have experience and are looking to brush up your skills, this course will provide you with information and insight to help you achieve success.Introduction to the Holiday Rep DiplomaThe holiday rep diploma covers everything you need to know about this rewarding and demanding role from what the job entails to the duties you are required to complete and the legal aspects you need to be aware of.The course comprises of eighteen modules that take approximately fifteen hours to complete. The benefit is that you can study at your own pace and in your own time; you find the modules online, enabling you to study using any device from anywhere where you have an internet connection.During your study you will enjoy the added guidance and support from experienced tutors and on completion you will be awarded an industry recognised qualification.There are numerous benefits to choosing to complete the holiday rep diploma. This is an entry level course and no previous experience or knowledge is required in order to register, but it is also a worthwhile course for those within the travel industry that haven't completed a qualification, helping them improve their chances of a successful career in the future.The benefits of completing this course include:


Understand your role as a holiday rep and how to secure yourself a position at a luxury resort.
Get to know the career prospects for holiday reps from what traits tour operators look for to your certifications, passport and more.
Know what types of holiday reps there are and the importance of being able to work as part of a team.
Get a good understanding of British tourism and how age old traditions still play a role today.
Receive valuable information on the different sectors associated with travel and tourism. Learn what makes the travel industry thrive.
Learn how economic factors can influence your career moving forward, along with threats to the tourism industry at any given time.
Identify the top qualities you need to have to ensure you are a team player. You will also learn how to sustain high team morale.
Know your duties from health and safety to responsibilities, entertainment and more.
Learn how to present yourself in a professional manner from uniforms to behaviour. This module will also provide you with valuable information on protecting yourself and occupational hazards you need to be aware of.
Understand the legal side of the job. Know the Trade Descriptions Act, the Disability Discriminations Act and why you need to understand Denied Boarding Legislation.
Get a firm understanding of guest safety from tips and advice to why it's so important.
Learn how to deal with customer complaints effectively from resolving disputes to dealing with difficult customers.
Understand the administrative tasks of the job, including reporting, cash handling and currency conversions.
Learn how to hold the perfect customer meeting that makes a lasting impression.
Get a good understanding on the basics of selling with valuable information on sales presentations to help you achieve success.
Know how to handle transfers quickly and effectively to ensure the highest level of service at all times.



Up to date content that you can rely on.
Get to understand the role of a holiday rep to help you complete your job to the highest standard at all times.
Gain the confidence you need when managing clients.
The course will open doors for you and help you achieve success in the travel industry.
The course is industry recognised.
On completion and successfully passing the multiple-choice test, you can download and print your certification immediately.
The course can be studied at any time on any device with a connection to the internet offering convenience.
Overall the course takes approximately fifteen hours to complete.
You have access to experienced tutors throughout your study.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Your Introduction to Becoming a Holiday Rep
Module 2 : Defining the Career of a Holiday Rep
Module 3 : Exploring the Various Types of Holiday Reps
Module 4 : Exploring the Origins and Growth of British Tourism
Module 5 : The Components of the Travel and Tourism Industry
Module 6 : Economical Factors that Affect Your Career
Module 7 : Nailing the Teamwork Element Required to Surpass Expectations
Module 8 : The Standard Duties of Holiday Reps
Module 9 : Personal Presentation and Protection
Module 10 : The Legalities Holiday Reps Need to Know About
Module 11 : The Holiday Reps Role in Keeping their Guests Safe
Module 12 : Effective Handling of Customer Complaints
Module 13 : Administration Duties
Module 14 : Crushing it with Customer Services
Module 15 : Creating the Perfect Welcome Meeting
Module 16 : Guide to Selling Excursions
Module 17 : Preparing and Conducting Transfers Successfully
Module 18 : Tallying Floats and Converting Currencies
