Course details 
Course Code: UKMGC16HTD
Location: Online
Duration: 80 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Hospitality Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The hospitality industry is exciting and fast moving. It can take people around the globe and offers the opportunity for a rewarding and varied career. There are so many aspects to hospitality that it can be difficult to decide which route to pursue. And, of course, the more skills that someone has, the wider the opportunities available to them. This course is designed to provide those interested in working in hospitality with the knowledge and skills they need to achieve their dream and make a success of their career.This comprehensive course covers event management; wedding planning; restaurant management; hotel management; hotel reception; customer services and travel & tourism.The events management course begins with an explanation of the role of an events manager. It teaches the benefits of strategic management, the importance of budgeting, and some of the different software programs available in the industry.Customer service and communication skills are vital to the role, and these are covered alongside a list of the types of events that events managers may be responsible for. Venue design, staging and layout, and working with seasonal themes are discussed. How to manage budgets and finances, and sell tickets are also explained.Health and safety, ensuring events are safe, and how to deal with emergencies are covered. This is accompanied by a section on handling the logistics of events, from electricity supplies to table plans, and troubleshooting problems.The events management course also includes wedding planning and the practicalities that need to be considered. It covers choosing the right venue, understanding hidden costs, and negotiating the best deal for clients. It details the different types of weddings, ceremonies and customs that planners are likely to experience, and the legalities associated with each. Agreeing themes, finding appropriate caterers and entertainment, and recommending the best photographers and videographers are discussed, as well as information on stationery, wedding attire and transportation. The role of a planner when the wedding is taking place abroad is also considered.The final part of this course provides an insight into starting and marketing an events management company along with ensuring that the legal obligations are met.The wedding day is often considered to be the most important day in a couple’s relationship. This course covers every detail of planning the perfect wedding day.The course begins with a wedding planner’s responsibilities, the expectations that clients will have when commissioning someone to plan their wedding, and why people choose to trust their wedding with planners. It then covers the different types of weddings, ceremonies and customs that planners are likely to experience, and the legalities associated with each.It also discusses the practicalities of arranging a wedding that clients will love. It begins with how to plan the itinerary for the day, and the clothing options available for the couple. It then details the art of finding and booking the perfect venue, and how to arrange themes and dress it accordingly. Locating suitable caterers and bakers that can produce the ideal cake, as well as finding florists and knowing how to place the flowers to best effect within the venue are also included. The different types of wedding entertainment available are covered, along with how to ensure that the right option is booked. Finally, it lays out the different transport options available for the wedding party, and whether transport for guests needs to be considered.Dining out is a popular pastime across the world, and service is a key part of a pleasurable dining experience. The restaurant management course covers all aspects of running a successful restaurant.The course opens with an introduction of how the front of house of a restaurant works and the role of restaurant managers in establishments across the world. Different types of restaurants and effective layouts are covered.This is followed by a discussion of the importance of customer service in the industry and how complaints can be dealt with so that clients are prepared to return. Understanding the food and drinks served at restaurants, and knowing the component parts of each dish is also covered. This is particularly important when clients have allergies.The legalities of restaurant licensing laws, ensuring health and safety and food hygiene, and how checks and systems are a key part of achieving this are detailed. Finally, terminology used in the restaurant trade is also included.When people stay in hotels, the service is a vital part of their experience, and will determine if they return. This course starts with an overview of the role of a hotel manager and the particular services and items that guests expect to be provided with on a daily basis. The importance of appearance is also covered.The skills needed to complete the duties of a manager in a timely manner are detailed, and how to both meet and surpass guest expectations from the initial contact to their final departure. The best way to welcome guests and the procedures for booking in and checking them out, plus effective management of a front desk are discussed. Cleanliness is of vital importance in a hotel, and a manager needs to understand housekeeping to ensure that rooms are always serviced to the highest standards. The terminology used within the hotel industry is also given.Leadership is an important part of running a hotel. The skills and qualities needed to manage a team of staff are detailed, plus the paperwork and reporting required to perform the duties of a hotel manager and to know what is happening within the business at all times. It also explains the difference between front and back of house, how the front of house should be managed, and how to deal with emergencies. Finally, it covers how hotels can be marketed to improve occupancy rates throughout the year.The hotel receptionist is often the first point of contact for guests, so it is important for them to understand their role. The module begins with an overview of the role and the opportunities available. It details the standard procedures for running a hotel reception, checking guests in, taking reservations, and how to provide excellent customer service.All types of communication skills are covered, including verbal, non-verbal and written, plus good telephone etiquette. These skills will assist in the handling of difficult and unhappy guests, along with other tips provided. The administrative tasks and qualities needed to provide an effective service are listed. Essential computer skills are covered plus the need for a good property management system, and how to use the OPERA system.Branding is an important feature of the hospitality industry. Star ratings are a key indicator of quality and the importance of both of these factors are discussed. Working in a hotel means being part of a team and how to work with other departments forms part of this course. The importance of health and safety is highlighted and the different safety and security issues necessary in the hotel industry are covered, as well as legal matters relating to the role.Finally, the techniques of selling the services of the hotel and the benefits of upselling are detailed.The Travel and Tourism Diploma course is ideal for anyone who is looking to work in the travel industry in the United Kingdom. This course is filled with information that will put you on the right path to begin a career in this field.Travel and tourism is a booming industry, and those who wish to travel often require assistance when planning their holiday and travel plans. As you work through this course, you will obtain a full overview of working in the travel and tourism field and how you can even start your own business.The Travel and Tourism Diploma course will give you a full overview of working in the travel and tourism industry, and it will fully prepare you for your new career.These days more companies are looking for members who have outstanding customer service skills. More clients are focusing on the service they receive and are demanding that companies around the world provide them with a better service on a daily basis.This information packed course gives you the skills you need to provide your clients with a higher level of service, whether you are dealing with them face to face, over the phone or online.By the end of this Hospitality Diploma, students will have a detailed understanding of the hospitality industry and the range of roles available. They will have a strong basis for starting a career in this exciting sector.

Nothing found for learn info.

Nothing found for course benifits info.

Course Lessons
Module 1: Understanding Customer Services
Module 2 : The Customer
Module 3 : Attitude Is Everything
Module 4 : Caring For Your Customer’s Needs
Module 5 : Customer Retention: How to Get Them Back
Module 6 : Face to Face Customer Service
Module 7 : Telephone Customer Service
Module 8 : Electronic Customer Service
Module 9 : Dealing with Difficult Customers
Module 10 : Escalation
Module 11 : Make an Impression Every Time
Module 1: An Overview of Hotel Reception
Module 2 : Hotel Reception Standard Procedures
Module 3 : Customer Service in Hotel Reception
Module 4 : Communication Skills Required for Hotel Reception
Module 5 : Telephone Handling in a Hotel
Module 6 : How to Handle Difficult Hotel Guests
Module 7 : Administrative Skills as a Hotel Receptionist
Module 8 : Computer Skills and Programs
Module 9 : Brand Standards in the Hospitality World
Module 10 : Being a Team Player: Working with Other Hotel Departments
Module 11 : Safety and Security in the Hotel
Module 12 : Sales and  Marketing as a Hotel Receptionist
Module 13 : Dressing the Part: Creating the Professional Look in Hospitality
Module 14 : Keeping Stress Under Control on the Job
Module 15: Legal Issues in Hospitality
Module 16: The Future for Hotel Receptionists
Module 1 : Introduction to the Industry
Module 2 : Products and Services Offered in the Hospitality Industry
Module 3 : About Hotels
Module 4 : Personal Appearance and Skills
Module 5 : The English Language & Your Local Knowledge
Module 6 : Types of Customers and Relationships
Module 7 : Taking Reservations by Phone and Email
Module 8 : Welcoming Guests and Checking in and Checking Out
Module 9 : The Do’s and Don’ts of Interacting with Guests
Module 10 : Developing your Skills on the Telephone
Module 11 : Payment Methods and Dealing with Foreign Cash
Module 12 : Front Desk Management
Module 13 : Housekeeping and Servicing Rooms
Module 14 : Building and Facility Management
Module 15: Front of House Restaurant and Bar
Module 16: Dealing with Lost & Found and Late Checkouts
Module 17: Hotel Terminology
Module 18: Career Progression
Module 19: Leadership Qualities and Engaging with Staff
Module 20: The Key to Paperwork
Module 21: Dealing with Emergencies
Module 22: Dealing with Costs
Module 23: Marketing your Hotel
Module 1 : Introduction to Front-of-House Hospitality
Module 2 : The Role of Restaurant Manager
Module 3 : Types of Dining Establishments, Restaurant Layouts, and Decor.
Module 4 : Customer Service
Module 5 : Dealing with Customer Complaints
Module 6 : Know Your Drinks
Module 7 : Know Your Food
Module 8 : Restaurant Licensing Laws
Module 9 : Building Guest Services Around Excellence
Module 10 : A Restaurant System of Checklists
Module 11 : The Importance of Teamwork
Module 12 : Health and Safety Laws
Module 13 : Health, Safety and Restaurant Management
Module 14 : Dealing with Inspections
Module 15 : Digital Technology and Restaurant POS Systems
Module 16 : Dealing With Staff
Module 17 : Planning and Pricing a Menu
Module 18 : Restaurant Operations
Module 19 :Upselling Strategies
Module 20 : Restaurant Entertainment and Music Licensing
Module 21 : Restaurant Branding, Marketing, Promotions and Decor
Module 1: Wedding Planning Introduction
Module 2 : Types of Weddings
Module 3 : Wedding Customs of the World
Module 4 : The Wedding Planning Process
Module 5 : Choosing a Wedding Venue
Module 6 : Wedding Ceremonies & Wedding Legalities
Module 7 : Order of the Day – Ceremony Speeches, Readings & Music
Module 8 : Planning a Wedding Theme
Module 9 : Clothing, Beauty and Attire for Weddings
Module 10 : Wedding Catering
Module 11 : The Wedding Cake
Module 12 : Wedding Entertainment
Module 13 : Printed Materials and the Gift List
Module 14 : Wedding Transport
Module 15: Wedding Photography and Videography
Module 16: Wedding Flowers
Module 17: Wedding Favours
Module 18: Wedding Gifts
Module 19: Weddings Abroad
Module 20: Planning the Honeymoon
Module 21: Stag and Hen Nights
Module 22: Owning a Wedding Planning Business
Module 23: Dealing with Suppliers
Module 24: Marketing, Insurance & Tax
Module 1 : Introduction to Event Management
Module 2 : Strategic Management
Module 3 : Customer Service Skills/ Personal Qualities Required
Module 4 : Types of Event
Module 5 : Promoting the Event
Module 6 : Event Management Finances & Ticketing
Module 7 : Staging and Design
Module 8 : Dealing with Suppliers
Module 9 : Event Management Logistics & Troubleshooting
Module 10 : Managing Your Team
Module 11 : Health and Safety for Events
Module 12 : Legal Issues and the Law
Module 13 : Measuring The Success of Your Event & Creating Sustainable Events
Module 14 : Building a Legacy for Your Event
Module 15 : Starting Your Own Event Planning Business
Module 16 : Marketing, Insurance & Tax
Module 1: Introduction to the Concept of Travel and Tourism
Module 2 : Customer Service within the Tourism Industry
Module 3 : Career Development within the Industry
Module 4 : Sectors in the Industry
Module 5 : The Fundamentals of Tourism Management
Module 6 : Understanding the Reasons for Travel and Tourism
Module 7 : Travel and Tourism Promotion
Module 8 : Social Media and Tourism
Module 9 : Understanding Tourism Policy and Strategy
Module 10 : Tourism Planning and Development
Module 11 : The Emergence of Ecotourism
Module 12 : Long and Short Haul Destinations
Module 13 : Domestic Tourism & the UK Market
Module 14 : Current Trends in the Travel Industry
Module 15: Travel and Tourism Issues to Contend With
