Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16HMD
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Hotel Management Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
The hotel management diploma is the best choice for anyone who is interested in improving their career prospects within the hospitality industry in the United Kingdom.This course will teach you everything you need to know to run a successful hotel, from communicating with guests to engaging with staff and maintaining front of house duties, while ensuring rooms are serviced to the highest standard and so much more.Wide range of topics coveredThe hotel management diploma covers a wide range of aspects associated with this position within the hospitality industry. The hospitality industry is a very service orientated business and you will need to know what is expected of you, develop skills and gain knowledge on how to complete your duties to the highest standard, always exceeding your guests' expectations.Gain a valuable insight into the industryThe course is broken into manageable modules which will provide you with a comprehensive oversight on the duties and responsibilities associated with being a hotel manager. Once you have successfully completed the course and passed the multiple-choice test, you can download and print your certificate and start improving your career prospects straight away.This diploma course is filled with comprehensive modules, which will teach you the following:This training course can provide you with everything you need to know to fast track your career within the hospitality industry. The benefits include the following:


Learn more about the role of the hotel manager.
Identify with the products and services you will be expected to provide to your guests on a daily basis.
Understand why appearance is so important in this role.
Know what skills you need to complete your duties in an orderly and organised fashion.
Learn how to deal with your customers to surpass their expectations daily, whether it's taking a booking over the phone or welcoming them to your hotel on arrival.
Get a good understanding on welcoming guests to the hotel, along with essential checking in and checking out procedures that should be followed.
Learn how to manage the front desk effectively.
Understand more about housekeeping and how to ensure the rooms are always serviced to the highest standards.
Understand hotel terminology and terms you will hear on a regular basis.
Know what leadership qualities you are going to need to manage a team effectively.
Learn about the paperwork and reporting you will need to conduct your duties effectively and keep your finger on the pulse at all times.
Know the difference between front and back of house and how to manage the front of house at all times.
Learn how to deal with unexpected emergencies.
Get information and advice on how to market the hotel to attract more guests to ensure a good occupancy rate throughout the year.



The course is broken into manageable modules.
Easy and comprehensive syllabus.
Study at your own pace. You can take a week to study this course or you can take a couple of months, the choice is down to you and the amount of time you have available to commit to your studies.
Compatible with all devices, enabling you to study from anywhere with an internet connection.
Industry recognised certification on successful completion of the course.
Online tutor available throughout your studies to provide you with assistance and guidance as needed.
Improve your career prospects and fast track your career within the hospitality industry.
No entry requirements.
Know what is expected of you and what skills you need before accepting any positions.
Prove your ability to complete the job by showing your certificate to potential employers.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Introduction to the Industry
Module 2 : Products and Services Offered in the Hospitality Industry
Module 3 : About Hotels
Module 4 : Personal Appearance and Skills
Module 5 : The English Language & Your Local Knowledge
Module 6 : Types of Customers and Relationships
Module 7 : Taking Reservations by Phone and Email
Module 8 : Welcoming Guests and Checking in and Checking Out
Module 9 : The Do’s and Don’ts of Interacting with Guests
Module 10 : Developing your Skills on the Telephone
Module 11 : Payment Methods and Dealing with Foreign Cash
Module 12 : Front Desk Management
Module 13 : Housekeeping and Servicing Rooms
Module 14 : Building and Facility Management
Module 15: Front of House Restaurant and Bar
Module 16: Dealing with Lost & Found and Late Checkouts
Module 17: Hotel Terminology
Module 18: Career Progression
Module 19: Leadership Qualities and Engaging with Staff
Module 20: The Key to Paperwork
Module 21: Dealing with Emergencies
Module 22: Dealing with Costs
Module 23: Marketing your Hotel
