Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16HRP
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Hotel Reception Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices / browsers

Course Description
Do you have a passion for customer service? Do you want to find yourself in an exciting career where you meet new people from around the world? Being a hotel receptionist involves so much more than simply answering the phone. Our information packed course is brimming with all the information you need to start a successful career as a hotel receptionist.Introduction to Hotel Reception DiplomaThis course comprises sixteen modules, each focusing on different elements of hotel reception, giving you the knowledge and skills you need to be successful in your position and provide guests with the best service. The course will take you around ten hours to complete. It is up to you how long you take, you can study full or part time, based on your availability and current job status.You will receive lifetime access to the training modules. This gives you the ability to go back and check up on things you are unsure of at any time. Furthermore, you will find that the course is compatible with all devices, enabling you to study at your own pace and in your own time using your computer, laptop, tablet or smartphone.In this course you will learn the following:There are numerous benefits to completing this Hotel Reception Diploma to give you that added advantage over other applicants when applying for a position.


A basic overview which covers everything from career opportunities to how to be a successful hotel receptionist.
Learn the standard procedures relating to hotel receptions. Learn how to check guests in and out and how to take reservations and so much more.
Identify with the importance of customer service. Learn about empathy, communication and how to make a good first impression.
Get to grips with communication skills. Learn about verbal, non-verbal and written communication skills within this busy and fast paced environment.
Learn the basics of handling the telephone in a professional manner. This module covers telephone etiquette and what you should and should not do.
Understand how to handle difficult guests. From time to time you will be faced with unhappy guests. Learn the different types of guests, tips on how to deal with them and so much more.
Get an understanding of the basic daily administrative tasks. Know what qualities you will need along with organisational skills and the ability to multi-task.
Identify what computer skills you are going to need to know. Understand the need for a good quality property management system and how to use OPERA and so much more.
Learn about the importance of branding within the hospitality industry. Understand the importance of a star rating and what the rating means.
Determine the importance of being a team player and working with other departments within the hotel.
Get a good understanding of health and safety within the hotel environment. Learn the different safety and security topics that relate to the hotel environment along with what you need to know to ensure safety in the reception area at all times.
Learn how to sell the hotel services to your guests and the benefits of upselling, along with how to use certain sales techniques.
Identify how to dress in a professional manner to make a good first impression on guests as well as learn how to deal with stress in this front line position.
Know any legal issues relating to your position as well as the future for the hotel receptionist.



Study at your own pace and where you are most comfortable.
Study using any device linked to the internet for added convenience.
Receive an industry recognised certification on successful completion of the course.
Enjoy online support to ensure you get the most of your study experience.
Get lifetime access to the modules, so you can refer back as and when needed.


Course Lessons
Module 1: An Overview of Hotel Reception
Module 2 : Hotel Reception Standard Procedures
Module 3 : Customer Service in Hotel Reception
Module 4 : Communication Skills Required for Hotel Reception
Module 5 : Telephone Handling in a Hotel
Module 6 : How to Handle Difficult Hotel Guests
Module 7 : Administrative Skills as a Hotel Receptionist
Module 8 : Computer Skills and Programs
Module 9 : Brand Standards in the Hospitality World
Module 10 : Being a Team Player: Working with Other Hotel Departments
Module 11 : Safety and Security in the Hotel
Module 12 : Sales and  Marketing as a Hotel Receptionist
Module 13 : Dressing the Part: Creating the Professional Look in Hospitality
Module 14 : Keeping Stress Under Control on the Job
Module 15: Legal Issues in Hospitality
Module 16: The Future for Hotel Receptionists
