Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16RMD
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Restaurant Service and Management Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
The restaurant management diploma is a comprehensive online course to provide you with everything you need to know to become a successful restaurant manager. The course provides you with insight, information, skills and advice to help you fulfil your role as a restaurant manager and exceed your clients' expectations on a daily basis.Introduction to the Restaurant Management DiplomaThis course is broken into manageable modules which you can access online. The course is accessible on any device, so you can study from anywhere with an internet connection using your PC, laptop, tablet or phone.During your studies you will have access to online support who can guide and assist you and provide you with the support you need to complete your studies and obtain your certification. When you reach the end of the modules, you will be required to pass a multiple choice test. The test has questions on what you have learned. On passing, you will be able to immediately download and print your certificate.In the event that you don't pass the test the first time, you will be given a second chance to take the test once you have reviewed the modules again and are confident that you know everything you need to know.This comprehensive Restaurant Management diploma will teach you the following:This diploma is designed to provide you with the information, insight, knowledge and skill you will need to manage any restaurant. You will have the ability to work as a restaurant manager at a five star hotel or a local eatery.The benefits of this training course include:


An introduction to the front of house of a restaurant.
The role of a restaurant manager in all types of restaurants anywhere in the world.
Learn about the different types of restaurant establishments and layouts.
Know the importance of excellent customer service within the hospitality industry.
Learn how to deal with customer complaints in a calm and effective manner to ensure the client will return again in the future.
Know your drinks. Knowing your drinks is imperative as a restaurant manager, along with how to serve them correctly.
Get to know your food. The importance of knowing every aspect of the menu, what is in each dish and food allergies.
Know the different restaurant licensing laws. This also covers the importance of age verification and what you can accept to verify the age of your clients.
Learn various restaurant system checklists. Know what checklists you need, how to put them in place and how to monitor them to ensure the restaurant runs smoothly at all times.
Know the health and safety laws associated with a restaurant from front of house to the kitchen, food safety and more.
Be up to date with restaurant terminology that you may encounter from time to time.



Improve your career prospects.
Fast track your career if you are already working within the restaurant industry.
Appeal to potential employers with an industry recognised certification.
Know what is expected of you and complete your duties with complete confidence.
Easy and comprehensive syllabus that you can rely on.
Study at your own pace with no deadlines or set schedules.
Study from anywhere with internet access using any device.
Have online support throughout your studies to guide and assist you.
No entry requirements. You don't have to have restaurant experience in order to complete this course.
Affordable one-off fee.
Second chance to complete the test in the event you do fail. You will have time to review the modules and retake the test in your own time.
Work full time and study in your spare time.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Introduction to Front-of-House Hospitality
Module 2 : The Role of Restaurant Manager
Module 3 : Types of Dining Establishments, Restaurant Layouts, and Decor.
Module 4 : Customer Service
Module 5 : Dealing with Customer Complaints
Module 6 : Know Your Drinks
Module 7 : Know Your Food
Module 8 : Restaurant Licensing Laws
Module 9 : Building Guest Services Around Excellence
Module 10 : A Restaurant System of Checklists
Module 11 : The Importance of Teamwork
Module 12 : Health and Safety Laws
Module 13 : Health, Safety and Restaurant Management
Module 14 : Dealing with Inspections
Module 15 : Digital Technology and Restaurant POS Systems
Module 16 : Dealing With Staff
Module 17 : Planning and Pricing a Menu
Module 18 : Restaurant Operations
Module 19 :Upselling Strategies
Module 20 : Restaurant Entertainment and Music Licensing
Module 21 : Restaurant Branding, Marketing, Promotions and Decor
