Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16TTD
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Travel and Tourism Diploma Level 2
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Travel and Tourism Diploma course is ideal for anyone who is looking to work in the travel industry in the United Kingdom. This course is filled with information that will put you on the right path to begin a career in this field.Travel and tourism is a booming industry, and those who wish to travel always require assistance when planning their holiday and travel plans. As you work through this course, you will obtain a full overview of working in the travel and tourism field and how you can even start your own business.Introduction to the Travel and Tourism DiplomaAs this is an online course; all of the information is available to you whenever and wherever your require it. You can study at a pace that is comfortable for you, and access the information in the course 24 hours a day. Most people who take the course still work full time, which helps you maintain your current lifestyle whilst working towards achieving your dreams.To access the course, you will require a device that allows you to access the internet, and not only can you see the course, you can also use the online support feature.Furthermore, you will find the course to be incredibly easy to go through thanks to the individual modules.When completing the course, you must pass a multiple choice test, and you will then be awarded your diploma. We can post the diploma to you for an additional cost, or you can download and print the diploma at home.The Travel and Tourism Diploma course will give you a full overview of working in the travel and tourism industry, and it will fully prepare you for your new career.The course covers the following: When you work towards earning your travel and tourism diploma online, you will find a number of benefits.These include the following:


An introduction to travel and tourism
Customer services in the travel and tourism industry
Developing your career in the travel and tourism industry
The different sectors of the travel and tourism industry
Understanding why people need the travel and tourism industry
Promoting travel and tourism services
Planning and development in the tourism industry
Ecotourism, short haul and long haul destinations
Domestic tourism in the UK
How to deal with issues within the travel and tourism industry



You can study from anywhere there is an internet connection, and you can study at a time that is convenient for you.
You can also study at a pace that is comfortable for you. There is no time limit, so if it takes you days or months, you can still complete the course.
You can study from any device including a tablet, PC or mobile phone.
There are easily manageable modules, which help to make studying an enjoyable experience.
Online support is available to help you stay on track.
Access to a comprehensive syllabus, which helps you to stay on the fast track while learning how to become a travel and tourism expert.
Improving your prospects when applying for work in the field.
When completing the course, you receive a certified diploma that is respected in the industry.
A pricing structure that is affordable.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to the Concept of Travel and Tourism
Module 2 : Customer Service within the Tourism Industry
Module 3 : Career Development within the Industry
Module 4 : Sectors in the Industry
Module 5 : The Fundamentals of Tourism Management
Module 6 : Understanding the Reasons for Travel and Tourism
Module 7 : Travel and Tourism Promotion
Module 8 : Social Media and Tourism
Module 9 : Understanding Tourism Policy and Strategy
Module 10 : Tourism Planning and Development
Module 11 : The Emergence of Ecotourism
Module 12 : Long and Short Haul Destinations
Module 13 : Domestic Tourism & the UK Market
Module 14 : Current Trends in the Travel Industry
Module 15: Travel and Tourism Issues to Contend With
