Course details 
Course Code: UKMGC17ALT
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Alternative Healing Therapies Bundle Certificate 
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Alternative Healing Therapies Certificate consists of three different courses.The Crystal Healing Certificate course offers students the opportunity to learn all about the healing power of crystals. This training course provides all the necessary information to help you begin a career in this field. This course is ideal for therapists, medical students, or for others who wish to learn more about this subject.The use of contemporary and alternative medicine is a rapidly increasing trend. Crystal therapy, or crystal healing, is a form of alternative medicine, or vibrational medicine that involves the application of crystals or gemstones. As you work through this online training course, you will obtain a comprehensive overview into how these crystals are utilised, the conditions they treat, and the different types of crystals that are used.The colour therapy course offers students all the necessary information required to perform colour therapy. This training course provides students with instruction that will put you on the path to beginning a career in this field. This course is ideal for students interested in learning more about alternative therapies.Colour therapy is a holistic procedure that employs the use of colours to treat illness and balance energies in the body. This holistic approach is a method known to treat a myriad of general health conditions. As you work through this course you will gain a comprehensive overview of the history of colour therapy and how the process works.The Sound Healing Course offers students the ability to learn all about the use of therapeutic sound frequencies for the treatment of various physical, mental and spiritual conditions. This is an excellent course for individuals who wish to find out more about holistic healing techniques and the human body.Sound is a very powerful healing tool that works on blocked or dysfunctional energy systems. This ancient holistic healing method dates back thousands of years and is used in modern medicine today. Students taking this course will gain an overview of how sound healing works, its benefits and how to perform the different treatment techniques. You will also learn how to begin a career utilising sound healing in the United Kingdom.

Nothing found for learn info.

Nothing found for course benifits info.

Course Lessons
Module 1 : What’s Behind Crystal Healing
Module 2 : About Amethyst and Apatite
Module 3 : Green Serpentine, Turquoise Gemstone and Quartz
Module 4 : The Blood Stone and How to Choose the Right Crystals
Module 1 : The Origins of Colour Healing
Module 2 : How Does Colour Healing Work
Module 3 : Chakras, Application of Colour and Colour Therapy
Module 4 : Colour in our Living Environment
Module 5 : Colour List
Module 1 : Sound Healing and The Chakras
Module 2 : Understanding Sound and Light
Module 3 : Grounding and Chakra Sounds
Module 4 : Sound Therapy
Module 5 : Sound and Music in our Environment
