Course details 
Course Code: UKFEM14GDM
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Garden Design and Maintenance Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Whether you are thinking of starting a career outdoors as a gardening expert or you are already working in the industry and are thinking of starting your own garden company, then the Garden Design and Maintenance Diploma is the right choice for you.Introduction to the Garden Design and Maintenance DiplomaThe modules cover everything from basic gardening to pest control, landscaping and more. The course takes approximately fifteen hours to complete and on successful completion, you will have the ability to download and print your industry recognised diploma.When applying for a position within the gardening industry, your potential employer will be able to confirm your certification online. During your studies you will enjoy the convenience of studying at your own pace with no set schedule and from anywhere using any device, as long as you have a connection to the internet to access the modules.The twenty nine modules included in this Garden Design and Maintenance Diploma are brimming with information to help you jump start your gardening career and turn your hobby and passion into a money-making opportunity.This course is designed to provide you with a wide range of benefits, including:


Learn the basics of gardening from the various soil types to plant planning and purchasing.
Identify an effective garden planning process from the initial consultation with the client through to site surveys, maintenance planning, to the final and completed project.
Know different garden design styles. Learn how to gain inspiration throughout the day, how to design a mood board and how to implement your design effectively for the best results.
Understand site surveys, approvals and measuring techniques. Learn how to use survey maps, photographic records and what surveys and appraisals you are going to need before you begin.
Learn the benefits of project planning.
Know the five forms that should be included in all your client packs.
Learn more about drawing a plan and essential graphic skills.
Know the various surfaces and materials, understand what hard landscaping is and how to deal with it.
Know the secrets of great soil.
Understand the importance of the right plan selection and care. This includes use of colours to make an impact.
Gain valuable plant knowledge that you can use daily to make the best choices based on your design, garden location and finish.
Learn how to identify high maintenance areas within any garden. Know the different options when it comes to low maintenance planning.
Learn the importance of sustainability. Know what plants to use, about water conservation and how to recycle and reuse when working in any garden.
Learn essential tips for reducing maintenance in difficult to manage and overgrown gardens.
Know what equipment you are going to need, what equipment you will need for certain jobs and what each item is capable of.
Get a good understanding of the most common garden pests, natural and chemical pesticides, integrated pest management and how to come up with a pest management plan that will work.
Identify effective solutions for difficult gardens from adding container plants to adding additional irrigation and more.
Know what to plan in a herb and vegetable garden.
Know what you need to start your own gardening business to achieve success.
Learn more about marketing your business, health and safety in the workplace, insurance, tax and record keeping, just to name a few of the points covered in this industry recognised course.
Gain valuable insight into raising flower beds, laying patios, decking, fencing, know more about artificial grass, how to lay lawn and how to build a fish pond.



An easy to understand syllabus that you can learn at home and in your own time.
Improve your career prospects with an industry recognised diploma.
Learn using any device at any time.
Enjoy ongoing support during your studies.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Gardening Basics
Module 2 : Garden Design Process
Module 3 : Garden Design Styles
Module 4 : Survey, Site Appraisal & Measuring Techniques
Module 5 : Planning Your Projects
Module 6 : Proportion Illusions & Effective Use of Space
Module 7 : Drawing a Plan & Graphics Skills
Module 8 : Surface & Materials / Hard Landscaping
Module 9 : Secrets of Great Soil
Module 10 : Plant Selection & Care
Module 11 : Plant Knowledge
Module 12 : Low Maintenance Gardens / Planting
Module 13 : Sustainability
Module 14 : Garden Maintenance
Module 15 : Equipment
Module 16 : Pest Control
Module 17 : Solutions to Difficult Gardens
Module 18 : Vegetable and Herb Gardens
Module 19 : Running your Own Gardening Business
Module 20: Marketing and Social Media
Module 21: Health and Safety
Module 22: Insurance, Tax, VAT and Record Keeping
Module 23: How to Build Raised Flower Beds
Module 24: How to Lay a Patio
Module 25: Decking
Module 26: How to Put Up Garden Fencing
Module 27: How to Turf a Garden and Lay a Lawn
Module 28: How to Lay Artificial Grass Areas
Module 29: How to Build a Garden Pond
