Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC18LCD
Location: Online
Duration: 13 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Life Coaching Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This online Life Coaching Course provides insights into the career and profession of life coaches. Interested candidates will learn about what life coaching is and how it can help transform the lives of other people with challenges and problems.Once you have studied the Life Coaching certification course, you can look forward to the following benefits:


How and why people benefit from online life coaching certificate and what the process of life coaching actually involves.
Insights into the meaning of foundational values and the effect of limiting beliefs on our lives and how life coaching can help change our thinking.
How you can choose to specialise in different types of life coaching depending on your interest and inclination and the important qualities of an empowering life coach.
Important communication and active listening skills that help you to become a great life coach.
The basics and fundamentals of life coaching and how core belief systems direct our thinking and decision-making processes.
How the process of life coaching in the UK is streamlined with regulatory standards as well as an explanation of the core ethics.
In addition, you will learn about powerful questioning skills.
How to use powerful questioning skills to build trust and rapport with your clients.
How to redirect your clients’ thinking and help them set plans of action in order to achieve value-based goals.
How to attract your first clients and how to profile target and prospective customers for your life coaching business.
How to strengthen your client network and use email marketing to reach out to potential clients. In addition, you will learn how to set your fees and payment rates.



You will be in a position to help people analyse their current lives and help them understand why they feel unmotivated or stuck
By asking relevant and insightful questions, you can give direction to their thinking and encourage them to self-explore and self-examine their own needs and desires
Your support and guidance can help people go on to live happier, richer and more meaningful lives
As you help people own their goals, you are likely to enjoy increased interest from clients who want to work with you
Your empathetic support will encourage people to achieve success and happiness faster than they may have been able to do on their own


Course Lessons
Module 1 : What is Life Coaching? The Benefits to Clients; the Differences between Counselling and Life Coaching
Module 2 : Foundational Values & Limiting Beliefs
Module 3 : The Different Types of Life Coaching and the Attributes of a Successful Life Coach
Module 4 : Listening and Communication Skills for Life Coaching
Module 5 : An Exploration of Belief Systems and an Overview of Life Coaching Fundamentals
Module 6 : Code of Ethics and Regulatory Standards in Life Coaching Practices; Powerful Questioning Skills (I)
Module 7 : Powerful Questioning Skills (II); Building a Rapport and Trust with Clients
Module 8 : How to Help your Clients Set Value-Based Goals and Formulating Plans of Action, in Order to Achieve these Goals
Module 9 : Key Steps to Start, Market and Sustain a Successful Life Coaching Business (Part 1)
Module 10 : Key Steps to Start, Market and Sustain a Successful Life Coaching Business (Part II)
