Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17PDD
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Painting & Decorating Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Painting and Decorating Diploma course is designed for individuals who would like to work in the decorating industry. This course is filled with information that will put you on the right path to starting a career in this field.Painting and decorating is a broad industry, which provides students with a wide range of possible skills to learn. As you work your way through this course, you will gain a full overview of the skills you will need to learn to work in the painting and decorating business, and how you can start your own business.Introduction to the Painting and Decorating Diploma Course This is an online course, which provides students with the unique ability to study the curriculum in their own time and at their own pace. Most students can continue working full time and finish the course in a reasonable amount of time.The course is accessible from any internet-enabled device and you will receive online support while you train. Furthermore, you will find the course to be incredibly easy to go through thanks to the flexible modules.Upon course completion, you will be required to complete and pass a multiple-choice exam and then you will be awarded your certificate. You can download and print the certificate from home, or we can post it to you for a small additional cost.The Painting and Decorating Diploma course has been written to give students a full overview of the industry and will put you on the fast track to success. The course covers the following:There are several benefits that students will experience when taking the painting and decorating diploma course.These include the following:


What a painter and decorator does
The common tools, equipment, adhesives, paints and varnishes
The risks you may face in the industry
Information about personal protective equipment
How to store and clean up your equipment
How to set up an emergency plan
How to identify different wall surfaces
How to paint and prepare different surfaces
How to cut and apply wallpaper
How to measure, cut and lay tiles
What it takes to run your own business
Resources for small business owners



The ability to study from anywhere there is an internet connection, at any time that is convenient for you.
Study at your own pace. There is no time limit, so if it takes you days or months, you can still complete the course.
You can study from any device including a tablet, PC or mobile phone.
Short, easy to manage course modules.
Online support to help you stay on track.
Learn through a comprehensive syllabus, which guarantees that you receive the knowledge necessary to become a painting and decorating professional.
Improving your prospects while applying for work in the field.
Receive a verifiable and recognised certificate.
An affordable pricing structure.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Painting and Decorating
Module 2 : Health and Safety in the Painting and Decorating Industry
Module 3 : Painting: The Basics
Module 4 : Painting and Wallpapering
Module 5 : Tiling, and Owning Your Own Business
