Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17REI
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Reiki Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Reiki course is ideal for individuals who are interested in learning more about becoming a reiki healer. This course is filled with information on how to utilise the principles of reiki for a variety of different healing purposes.Reiki is an ancient form of holistic healing that works on the mind, body and spirit through the stimulation of your own natural healing abilities. As you work your way through this course, you will obtain a comprehensive overview of this form of holistic healing and the different career options available to you.Introduction to the Reiki CourseThis online training course offers students the opportunity to study course information whenever and wherever it is convenient. You can access course material 24 hours a day and study at a pace that is comfortable for you. Many people who take this course are still able to work a full-time job while they study, which allows them to easily achieve their goals of learning about reiki.You can conveniently access course material from any device that allows you to access the internet, and receive online support while you train. Furthermore, thanks to the flexible modules, you will find the course incredibly easy to navigate.Upon course completion, you will be required to pass a multiple-choice exam, and then you will be awarded your certificate. We can post this to you for an additional cost, or you can download and print the certificate at home.The Reiki course will provide you with a complete overview of the ancient art of reiki healing and prepare you for your career options.The course covers the following:There are several advantages for those who work towards earning a reiki course certificate online.These include the following:


An introduction into first-degree Usui Reiki
What is reiki?
An overview of how reiki works
A review of the seven major chakra points
The five reiki principles
How to treat with reiki
An introduction into second-degree Usui Reiki
A summary of the pillars of reiki
An introduction into third degree Usui Reiki
An overview of reiki and symbolism



The ability to study from anywhere and at any time, even when away from home.
Since there is no time limit for this course, you can study at a pace that is comfortable for you. If it takes you days or months, you can still complete the course.
The capability of studying from any device, including a tablet, PC or mobile phone.
Easy to manage course modules, which aid in making studying an enjoyable experience.
Convenient online support available while you train.
Access to a full syllabus, which virtually guarantees you the knowledge necessary to use reiki in your personal and professional life.
The ability to improve prospects while applying for work, or volunteer opportunities as a reiki healer.
A recognised certificate upon course completion.
A pricing structure that is affordable.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : An Introduction to First Degree Usui Reiki
Module 2 : Reiki Principles and Preparing for Reiki
Module 3 : Treating Yourself and Others with Reiki
Module 4 : Group Treatment, Reiki in Pregnancy and Reiki for Animals
Module 5 : An Introduction to Second Degree Usui Reiki
Module 6 : New Possibilities with Reiki 2
Module 7 : Distant or Absent Reiki Healing
Module 8 : Examples of Sending Distant Reiki Healing and Working with Reiki 2
Module 9 : Non Traditional Reiki Symbols and Extra Reiki Hand Positions
Module 10 : Combining Reiki with other Healing Disciplines
Module 11: An Introduction to Third Degree Usui Reiki
Module 12: Non-Traditional Usui Reiki Master Symbol and the Reiki Attunement Ceremony
Module 13: Reiki 1 Attunements
Module 14: Reiki 2 Attunements
Module 15: Reiki 3 Attunements
Module 16: Fast Track | Combined Reiki 1, 2 and 3 Attunements and Distant Attunements
Module 17 : More Advanced Reiki Techniques
