Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17MSW
Location: Online
Duration: 20 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Microsoft Word Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Word Certificate Course is ideal for individuals who would like to learn how to work with Microsoft Word. This course is filled with the information necessary to sharpen your Word processing skills for use in a wide variety of careers.Microsoft Word is a popular word processing program that can be utilised for both business and personal use. As you work through this course, you will gain a full overview of the different features within Microsoft Word. Furthermore, students will gain the skills necessary to create, edit and print their own Word documents.Introduction to the Word Certificate CourseWith this online course, students have 24-hour access to course information, which means it is available whenever and wherever you require it. Most people who take this course still work full time, which helps you maintain your current lifestyle whilst working towards achieving your goals.You can access the course material with any device that allows you to access the internet, and you will receive online support while you train.Additionally, you will find the course to be incredibly easy to navigate thanks to the flexible modules.When you complete the course, you must pass a multiple-choice exam, and then you will be awarded your certificate. Once you receive your certificate, you can print it from home, or we can post it to you for a small fee.The Word course certificate will help you develop or improve your Word processing skills with the following information:Students enrolled in the Word course will benefit from the following:


How to enter text into a document
How to delete text
Splitting and joining text
Functions in Word
Spell check and Thesaurus
How to format your document
Printing features
Creating and editing headers
Design features in Word
Sending Email in Word
How to add and edit hyperlinks
Quick access toolbar



The option to study from anywhere with a valid internet connection, anytime that is convenient for you.
The ability to study at a pace that is comfortable for you. There is no time limit, so if it takes you days or months, you can still complete the course.
You can study from any device including a tablet, PC or mobile phone.
Easy to manage course modules, which make studying an enjoyable experience.
Convenient online support while you train.
Access to a comprehensive syllabus, which helps you to stay on track while sharpening your Word processing skills.
Improving your job prospects while applying for work.
Receive a certified and recognised diploma.
Affordable tuition.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Entering Text
Module 2: Deleting Text
Module 3: Splitting and Joining Text
Module 4: Undo and Redo
Module 5: Find and Replace
Module 6: Text Block
Module 7: Spell Check
Module 8: Check Word Count
Module 9: Format Text
Module 10: Printing a Document
Module 11: Format a Page
Module 12: Using Sections
Module 13: Create a Cover Page
Module 14: Create Headers
Module 15: Edit Headers
Module 16: Using Styles
Module 17: Create Your Own Formatting Style
Module 18: Applying a Theme
Module 19: Modifying a Theme
Module 20: Create a Border
Module 21: Edit Border
Module 22: Create Page Border
Module 23: Create a Table
Module 24: Editing a Table
Module 25: Use Format Painter
Module 26: Create Line Numbers
Module 28: Insert Image
Module 27: Create Automatic Table of Contents
Module 29: Insert Shapes
Module 30: Insert Clip Art
Module 31: Use Comments
Module 32: Save As
Module 33: View Two Documents Side By Side
Module 34: Insert Video
Module 35: Mix Image and Text
Module 36: Insert Symbols / Special Characters
Module 37: Enter Footnote and Endnote
Module 38: Use Layouts
Module 40: Handle Multiple Documents
Module 39: Insert SmartArt
Module 41: Convert MS Word File to Other Format
Module 42: Remove Comments When Printing
Module 43: Insert Text Box
Module 44: WordArt
Module 45: Position Images
Module 46: Unlinking Images from Text
Module 47: Convert File to PDF
Module 48: Highlight Text
Module 49: Configure Status Bar
Module 50: Quick Access Toolbar
Module 51: Hide/Display Ribbon
Module 52: Add Hyperlink
Module 53: Use Thesaurus
