Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17PPD
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: PowerPoint Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The PowerPoint Diploma is ideal for individuals who would like to learn how to create and deliver multimedia presentations. This training course provides all the information you will need to begin using PowerPoint in a wide variety of careers.PowerPoint is a program within Microsoft Office that can be utilised to create professional slideshows, videos and presentations. As you work through this course, you will gain a comprehensive overview of the different features including handouts, slide presentations and more. You will also acquire the skills necessary to add text, images and charts within your presentations.As this is an online course, students are offered the unique opportunity to study the curriculum at their own pace. This means that course material is available 24 hours a day, enabling you to study anytime, anywhere.Many students who take the courses are even able to continue working full time, while finishing their coursework in a reasonable amount of time.Your coursework is accessible from any Internet-enabled device, and you will receive online support while you train. Additionally, you will find the course to be incredibly easy to navigate thanks to our flexible modules.Upon course completion, you must pass a multiple-choice exam and then you will be awarded your diploma. Once you receive your diploma, you can print it from home or we can post it for you for a small fee.The PowerPoint course has been written to provide students with the information necessary to create presentations and is designed to put you on the fast track to success.This course covers the following information:Students enrolled in the PowerPoint course will benefit from the following:


How to create and save a PowerPoint presentation
How to add, delete and arrange multiple slides
How to insert charts, captions, quotes and name cards
Inserting and formatting text within your slides
Working with text alignment, bullet points, line spacing and columns
How to utilise text direction and vertical alignment
Inserting images, shapes, charts and creating photo albums
How to insert online and screenshot images
How to insert tables, text boxes, headers and footers
Using SmartArt and other formatting features
Converting your presentations into different formats
How to add and edit hyperlinks
Transitions and animations
Using spellcheck and thesaurus
How to create and add screen recordings within your slides
Using linking and annotation features
Adding notes and comments
How to use the handout and notes master tools



The option to study from any location with a valid internet connection, anytime that you find convenient.
The ability to study at a pace that you find comfortable. Since there is no time limit for this course, if it takes you days or months, you will still complete your training.
You can study from any device including a tablet, PC or mobile phone.
Easy to manage course modules, which makes studying an enjoyable experience.
Convenient online support is available while you train.
Access to a comprehensive syllabus, which helps you to stay on track while learning how to design PowerPoint presentations.
Improve your job prospects while applying for work.
Receive a certified and recognised diploma.
Affordable tuition.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Navigating PowerPoint
Module 2 : Work with Slides
Module 3 : Work with Multiple Layouts
Module 4 : Work with Text
Module 5 : Work with Text Pt2
Module 6 : Working with Text Pt3
Module 7 : Tables
Module 8 : Insert an Image
Module 9 : Create a Photo Album
Module 10 : Use Shapes
Module 11 : Smart Art
Module 12 : Text Boxes
Module 13 : Headers & Footers
Module 14 : Use Videos
Module 15: Use Audio
Module 16: Recording Screen & Audio
Module 17: Slide Design
Module 18: Transition
Module 19 : Animations
Module 20 : Spell Check
Module 21 : Thesaurus
Module 22 : Comments
Module 23 : Inking
Module 24 : Outline View
Module 25: Slide Sorter
Module 26: Notes Page
Module 27: Reading View
Module 28: Handout Master
Module 29: Notes Master
Module 30: Zoom View
Module 31: New Window Option
Module 32: Cascade and Arrange Window Option
Module 33: Left Side Menu
Module 34: Templates
Module 35: Open Command
Module 36: Save As Option
Module 37: Print Command
Module 38: Convert PPT to PDF
Module 39: Convert PPT to Video
Module 40: Create Handouts
Module 41: Customise the Quick Access Toolbar
Module 42: Password Protect a PPT
Module 43: Find and Replace
Module 44: Replace Command
Module 45: Hyperlinks
