Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17VDC
Location: Online
Duration: 14 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Vlogging Diploma Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This vlogger course is full of all the information you will require to get your very first vlog channel up and running. After completing this course, you will be ready to not only record your first video vlog, but you will know how to create a full vlogging channel.This course covers everything from the available vlogging platforms and necessary equipment to the secrets of making better vlogs and promotion of your channel. We have designed this course to give you a clear understanding of what being a vlogger entails, as a well as how to proceed in the vast world of vlogging.This vlogging course is an online course and it will provide you with the ability to read and understand the course material at a time when it is most convenient for you. Most students who take this course continue to work a full time job and do the course in a reasonable amount of time.You will have access to the vlogging course training material from any mobile device or computer with internet access. You will also have access to online support when you need it.Upon completing this course, you will be awarded with a course diploma. This will show that you have completed the course successfully and will certainly be a sense of pride in your accomplishment. When you complete the course, you can download the certificate and print it at home. We can also post the diploma to you for a small fee.This vlogger course has been created to offer all students a full overview of how to become a successful vlogger. Upon finishing the course, you will have the skills and knowledge that will set you apart from the rest of the new vloggers out there.This course covers the following information:When you start studying for the vlogger diploma, you will receive many benefits, including:


Introduction to what vlogging is
Information on famous vloggers and how they did it
Different vlogging platforms
What equipment you will require
The secrets of successful vlogging
Editing vlogs
Creating an on-screen presence
How to vlog both indoors and outdoors
Creating your first vlogging channel
Promoting your vlog
Making money as a vlogger



The opportunity to study from any place at any time. You can study at home or when you are out and about.
Since you are not held to a time limit for this course, you can study at a pace that is comfortable for you; you can take days, weeks or even months to finish the course.
You can study from any device with internet access including tablets, mobile phones and computers.
Easy to read course divided into short modules, which makes studying a good experience.
Access to online support, which will help you to stay on track whilst you study.
Training from a course that is all inclusive with activities, worksheets and test to keep you on track.
Improve your prospects when starting your first vlog channel.
Earning a recognised and certified diploma when completing the course.
Affordable course material.


Course Lessons
Module #1: Introduction to Vlogging
Module #2: Famous Vloggers
Module #3: Vlogging Platforms
Module #4: Equipment for Vlogging
Module #5: Different Types of Vlogging
Module #6: Secrets of Film Making and Videotaping Indoors/ Videotaping Outdoors
Module #7: Editing Vlogs
Module #8: Creating Your On-Screen Presence
Module #9: Creating a Vlogging Channel
Module #10: Growing and Promoting a Vlogging Audience and Making Money as a Vlogger
