Course details 
Course Code: UKVC18DAD
Location: Online
Duration: 3 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Diabetes Awareness Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers and devices

Course Description
Diabetes affects 4.6 million people in the UK and 415 million people around the world. It is a chronic condition requiring lifelong treatment. Potential complications include loss of vision, nerve damage and cardiovascular disease. Living with diabetes can be challenging and emotionally draining.Fortunately, receiving practical support can make life with diabetes easier and safer. This course contains an overview of the most common types of diabetes, their symptoms and causes, and the role employers can play in helping individuals with diabetes succeed at work.


What diabetes is, how it develops, the symptoms of Type 1 diabetes and how it impacts a person’s wellbeing.
The symptoms, causes and risk factors for Type 2 diabetes, along with potential complications.
How people diagnosed with diabetes can stay well, what check-ups they need and how they can avoid the complications associated with diabetes.
How diabetes can affect someone in the workplace, why it is a good idea to notify other workers of their condition and how employers can make reasonable adjustments to accommodate their needs.



If you know or work with someone diagnosed with diabetes, this course will provide you with an insight into their condition.
If you employ someone with diabetes, this course will help you understand your obligations under the law with regards to their condition and help you make reasonable adjustments to help them carry out their job.
This course will help you intervene with confidence in the event of a diabetic emergency.
If you work in the healthcare field, you will benefit from this overview of a relatively common condition.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Type 1 Diabetes
Module 2: Type 2 Diabetes
Module 3: Diabetes Management & Complications
Module 4: Diabetes in the Workplace
