Course details 
Course Code: UKFPC15MHA
Location: Online
Duration: 3 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Mental Health Awareness Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers / Flash Player 10+ 

Course Description
According to the mental health charity Mind, one in four adults experience a mental health problem every year and one in six experience a mental health issue each week. These issues affect people from all walks of life – no one is immune to psychological distress.Although mental illness is relatively common, sufferers often feel too ashamed to seek help. In some cases, this can have devastating consequences – mental illness diminishes an individual’s quality of life and can even result in suicide.Fortunately, simply being aware of the signs, causes and treatment can create a safe environment – whether at home or in the workplace – whereby people feel as though they can talk about their problems and access appropriate interventions. This course will provide you with an introduction to the concept of mental illness, the signs and symptoms of the most common mental illnesses and how mental distress can be successfully managed.


What is meant by the terms “mental health” and “mental illness”, how psychological distress manifests itself and how mental illness impacts a person’s life.
The main symptoms of depression, anxiety disorders and panic attacks.
The symptoms of schizophrenia, the truth behind common misconceptions surrounding this illness and the nature and impact of psychosis.
How medication and talk-based therapies are used in the treatment and management of mental illness, and why some people with mental illness need to stay in hospital on an inpatient basis.
How and why people self-harm, the nature of suicidal thoughts and how to help someone who is contemplating ending their own life. 



You will be in a position to support those experiencing mental illness or psychological distress, both at home and in the workplace.
If you are interested in a career supporting those with psychiatric difficulties, this course will provide you with a useful overview of the most common mental health topics.
If you work in an HR or management role, this course will provide you with the skills you need to support employees with mental health problems.
If you are interested in psychology, this course will give you an insight into the various forms mental illness can take and how it is treated.
This course will provide you with background information that will help you make sense of public policy issues relating to mental health.


Course Lessons
Module 01: What is Mental Illness?
Module 02: Depression and Anxiety Disorders
Module 03: Schizophrenia & Psychosis
Module 04: Medication and Therapy in the Treatment of Mental Illness
Module 05: Self-harm and Suicide
