Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17PAD
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Pharmacy Assistant Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This Pharmacy Assistant course will introduce you to multiple aspects of the pharmacy sector.The ten modules will stimulate your interest in the field of pharmacy. Every aspiring pharmacy assistant can develop his or her personal niche and will have early opportunities to improve their efficacy and competence in the field.Pharmacy is a unique and enterprising field and you can look forward to enjoying a meaningful and exciting career. The role of a pharmacy is a crucial one and it contributes to the healthcare system in several valuable ways. As an assistant pharmacist, you will enjoy opportunities to interact with patients and dispense medications in line with prescriptions issued by a certified health professional. You will also be in charge of managing stocks, advising patients on dosage regimes, benefits and side-effects of medication and so on.This course is designed to give you a solid foundation on which you can begin your career as a pharmacy assistant. It will explain work environments, salaries and career advancement, and learning about these topics will help you make an informed career decision.The course covers these key areas in details, plus much more:Any student who enrols on this course will find the following features beneficial:


An introduction to the field of pharmacy and how it plays a pivotal role in the UK’s healthcare system.
As an assistant, you will be working together with a pharmacy team. You will learn all about the different members of the team.
How to develop your customer service skills.
Checking and management of stocks in a pharmacy: Pharmacy assistants are often in charge of tracking and managing stocks in a pharmacy.
The role of a pharmacy assistant: You will be expected to execute multiple tasks and responsibilities, including management of prescriptions, dispensation of medication, interacting with customers and ordering supplies.
Regulations, health and safety in a pharmacy: There are certain standards of health and safety that are governed by regulations which you will need to follow.
Prescriptions: You will learn how to read and interpret prescriptions and how to avoid mistakes. The course also covers risk assessment and error prevention.
You will learn how to report problems and issues to the pharmacist.



The ability to study from any location as long as you have an internet connection.
The ability to work at a pace that is comfortable for the individual student. The course doesn’t impose time limits, so the student can take days, weeks or months to successfully complete the course.
The option to study from any internet-connected device, including a laptop, PC or mobile phone.
Course modules that are easy to manage, making the entire process enjoyable.
Continued support to help enhance your training.
Ability to access a full syllabus to help you stay on track.
Enhance your job application by adding the skill to your CV.
Pass the test and receive a certified diploma.
Affordable tuition costs.


Course Lessons
Module 1: How to become a Pharmacy Assistant
Module 2: How to become a Pharmacy Assistant The Pharmacy Team and Practices (Part I)
Module 3: How to become a Pharmacy Assistant The Pharmacy Team and Practices (Part II)
Module 4: How to become a Pharmacy Assistant Communication in Pharmacy Settings
Module 5: Pharmacy Assistant Patient Counselling Guide
Module 6 : Job Role and Responsibilities and  Patient Record Maintenance in a Pharmacy
Module 7 : Fundamentals of Prescription and Drug Dispensation
Module 8 : Different Dispensing Methods, Electronic Prescription Service, How to Minimise Dispensation Errors
Module 9 : Stock Management in Pharmacies
Module 10 : Health and Safety Risks Assessment and Pharmaceutical Terminology
