Course details 
Course Code: UKMEC17RFX
Location: Online
Duration: 5 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Reflexology Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
The Reflexology course is ideal for anyone who would like to learn more about holistic therapies. This course is filled with information that will put you on the right path to beginning a career as a reflexologist.Reflexology is a holistic healing technique that works on precise reflex points on the feet. This method helps to reduce stress, relieve pain, improve bodily functions and restore the body to a better state of balance. As you work through this course, you will learn the many ways that you can use reflexology in your personal and professional life.Introduction to the Reflexology CourseThis is an online training course that offers students the unique ability to learn the curriculum in their own time and at their own pace. Many students who take the course still work full time, which helps you to maintain your current lifestyle whilst working towards your goals.To access this training course, you will need a device with a valid internet connection. While you are training with our flexible course modules, you can access the convenient online support feature.In order to complete this course, you must pass a comprehensive test, which will award you with your certificate. We can post this to you for an additional cost, or you can download and print the certificate at home.The reflexology course offers a comprehensive overview of the holistic healing technique in order to fully prepare you for your new career in the field. The course covers the following:When you work towards earning your reflexology diploma online you will find several advantages. These include the following:


An introduction into reflexology
The history of reflexology
The benefits of reflexology
How reflexology affects the body
Foot reflexology
Reflexology techniques
Reflexology treatments
Aftercare instructions
Hand reflexology
The do’s and don’ts of reflexology



The choice of studying from any location at any time, both at home and while you are away.
The ability to study at a pace that is comfortable for you. There is no time limit for this course, so if it takes you days or months, you will still earn your certificate.
You can study from any internet-enabled device, including a tablet, PC and mobile phone.
Easy to manage course modules, which help to make studying enjoyable.
Online support available while you train.
Access to a comprehensive syllabus, which puts you on the fast track to becoming a reflexologist.
Improve your prospects while applying for work in the industry.
Upon completion of the course, you will receive a certified and recognised certificate.
A pricing structure that is affordable.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Reflexology
Module 2 : The Effects of Reflexology on the Body
Module 3 : Foot Reflexology
Module 4 : Foot Reflexology – The Treatment
Module 5 : Hand Reflexology
