Course details 
Course Code: UKFEM15CSD
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Level 2 & 3 Customer Service Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
These days more companies are looking for members who have outstanding customer service skills. More clients are focusing on the service they receive and are demanding that companies around the world provide them with a better service on a daily basis.Introduction to the Customer Services DiplomaThis information packed course gives you the skills you need to provide your clients with a higher level of service, whether you are dealing with them face to face, over the phone or online.The course comprises of eleven modules bursting with information which take around ten hours to complete. You get to study at your own pace and where you feel most comfortable, as long as you have access to the internet. The modules are accessible on all devices from PCs to laptops and tablets to mobile phones, giving you the convenience of studying from anywhere at any time.During your studies you will have access to guidance and support from our expert tutors. Further, this course is CPD accredited to give you complete peace of mind that you are completing an industry recognised diploma.This course comprises of eleven information packed modules, these include:Customer services has become essential for all employees in all industries. It doesn't matter what industry you are working in right now, having a customer services diploma behind you can give you the knowledge and insight you need to provide your clients with a service that they expect and deserve, ensuring you help your business grow daily.Company owners are seeing the benefit of sending their teams for customer services training. Company owners see more enquiries convert to sales, happier customers and happier team members.The benefits of a customer services diploma are endless, but here are some you can take note of right way:


Get an oversight of customer service from what it is to the different types to why it is so important for you, your client and your business moving forward.
Understand your customers, find your niche and get a firm understanding of consumer rights law in the United Kingdom.
Make a great first impression, learn how positive attitude, dress and body language affects how you are perceived.
Learn how to care for your customer's needs, from seeing customer service from their perspective to the importance of communication.
Get insight into how to retain your customers. Learn how to effectively deal with complaints, provide an outstanding after sales service and what you need to do in the case that the customer is wrong.
Learn about the importance of face to face customer service. This module will teach you the importance of a positive first impression and how body language will play a role in the service you provide and how your service is perceived.
Get a firm understanding of telephone customer service complete with eleven tips to improve your customer service levels over the phone. This module will also provide valuable insight into telephone etiquette.
Understand the importance of electronic customer service. The do's and don'ts and tips on providing an effective service electronically in a world where everyone relies on the internet on a daily basis.
The course will teach you how to deal with difficult customers, how to defuse anger, how to control your own emotions and how keeping calm can solve the problem that bit faster.
Learn to deal with escalation to improve service levels. This module covers handling abusive clients, handling physical threats and how not to cave into the clients' demands.
Learn how to make a good impression at all times by offering the best customer service and recapping the skills you have learned to ensure you can incorporate them into your daily duties without delay.



You will learn how to exceed your customers' expectations.
You will learn how to be courteous and helpful to each client you come in contact with.
Your motivation levels will increase as you see your clients become more comfortable with you and the service you provide.
Learn essential problem solving skills you can use daily.
See your confidence soar as you get more comfortable with dealing with customers face to face, over the phone and online.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Understanding Customer Services
Module 2 : The Customer
Module 3 : Attitude Is Everything
Module 4 : Caring For Your Customer’s Needs
Module 5 : Customer Retention: How to Get Them Back
Module 6 : Face to Face Customer Service
Module 7 : Telephone Customer Service
Module 8 : Electronic Customer Service
Module 9 : Dealing with Difficult Customers
Module 10 : Escalation
Module 11 : Make an Impression Every Time
