Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16MED
Location: N/A
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Legal Secretary Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices / browsers

Course Description
Working in the legal sector doesn't require you are a lawyer, a top level attorney or a paralegal. You can make a difference by being a member of the important support team. Legal secretaries are organised, they provide essential support to attorneys and assist them daily to help them manage their case load and achieve success. This can be a very rewarding career and if you are looking for a position that is exciting, fast paced and challenging, then this may be the right choice for you.Introduction to Legal Secretary DiplomaThe legal secretary diploma is a set in the direction of securing the career you are looking for. Fifteen hours of study will give you the tools, skills and knowledge needed to apply and be chosen for a position of this nature in a legal firm anywhere in the United Kingdom, possibly the world.This diploma is studied online at your own pace. The information packed course is broken down into easy to manage and learn modules, which can be studies using any device linked to the internet. What is even better is you have lifetime access to the modules should you ever want to refresh your knowledge during your career.On successful completion and passing of the course you will be awarded an industry recognized certificate. Any potential employers can verify your certificate on our website for confirmation and peace of mind.The legal secretary diploma is designed to provide you with essential information, advice and techniques you can learn to ensure you can be productive in this role within any legal firm. The course is brimming with information to ensure you get an all-round learning experience. Some of the things you can expect to learn when taking the legal secretary diploma online include:There are so many benefits to completing this course if you have a passion to work in the legal sector as a legal secretary. Some of the benefits you can expect to enjoy include:


Learn more about the legal secretary role. What you will be expected to do, general duties and operations.
Get an understanding on the basic legal proofreading and writing skills you will need to be effective in this role.
Understand the importance of client confidentiality.
Get a firm understanding regarding the English legal system. This will prove beneficial when working in a fast paced legal firm anywhere in the country.
Learn about the various court systems and structures.
Understand what legal aid is, who is eligible and how this applies to you.
Learn more about civil litigation and how it works.
Improve your typing skills along with audio skills to ensure productivity on a daily basis in a legal secretary role.
Get a firm understanding on will and probate law, enabling you to be more involved and provide your team with the best possible support each day.
Make use of the tips on how to find legal secretary positions, where to look and how to secure an interview.



Fast track your career.
Gain the skills you need to secure your dream job.
Take advantage of a comprehensive syllabus which is broken into easy to learn and manage modules.
Enjoy information packed modules which are easy to learn and understand.
Study at your own pace online.
The full course is online, enabling you to study at any time of the day or night.
Work full time while you complete your studies and gain your diploma.
Secure an industry recognized certification.
Enjoy the fact your certificate is one hundred percent verifiable.
No entry requirements
Lifetime access to modules to refresh your knowledge at any time.
Online support throughout your study experience
Affordable price
Study using any device – computer, laptop, tablet or phone. Study on your way to work or on your way home as long as you have access to the internet.


Course Lessons
Module 1: General Duties and Day-to-Day Operations of a Legal Secretary
Module 2: Legal Writing and Proofreading Skills
Module 3: Client Confidentiality in Law Firms
Module 4: The English Legal System
Module 5: Court Systems and Structures
Module 6: Legal Aid
Module 7: Civil Litigation
Module 8: Land and Conveyancing Practice
Module 9: Wills and Probate Law Practice
Module 10: Family Law
Module 11: Criminal Law
Module 12: Company and Business Law
Module 13: Licensing
Module 14: Appeals, Judicial Review and Case Stated
Module 15: Skills for Success
Module 16: Finding Employment as a Legal Secretary
Module 17: Glossary of Legal Terms
