Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16REC
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Reception Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices / browsers

Course Description
Does a career working in an office environment as a receptionist sound like the perfect way for you to move into a completely different industry? Are you aware of what is involved in such a role or perhaps you already believe that you understand it and yet have no idea how to move into this particular type of job? If any of that applies to you then our reception diploma course will be able to provide you with all of the answers and information that you will need to go on and have a successful career within this particular field.Introduction to the Reception Diploma CourseOur reception diploma course is broken down into 17 easy to follow modules that will take you through the entire position and everything that you need to know in order to become a high-flying receptionist. This course has been designed to guide you through each and every part of being a receptionist from the tasks you will often have to carry out to dealing with people, the business environment and even the importance of correct communication.By the end of the course you will have gained a wide range of skills that will allow you to not only work within this environment, but also do the job to a higher standard than before. It will allow you to get your foot on this particular career ladder and also help you to plan your future thanks to the skills and knowledge that you will gain from this diploma course.As stated above, there are a number of areas that will be covered throughout this course. The modules take you through various aspects of the job including the different types of receptionists. After that, you will spend time looking at communication with particular interest in the art of talking on the telephone as well as how to leave messages. Communication forms a key role in the job and you will learn how to get your message across and do so in a professional and effective manner.Furthermore, you will be taken through the use of databases as well as how to make appropriate bookings or reservations with this forming a key part of the entire job. Also, administration is a major part of the job with modules dedicated to that part of the industry as well as covering the legal aspect of things from confidentiality to health and safety issues as well as much more. This is often a role that is overlooked by those unaware of what is included in the job which is why those modules are of the utmost importance.In addition, you will be taught how to run the reception area in an appropriate manner and also how to help your career to develop from being a receptionist to moving up higher in the administrative industry of which this is playing a key role. There is also a module that will teach you how to be a team player. Finally, you will be taught the importance of technology and the role it plays in the job as this is something that has a central role and failure to understand technology will certainly impede your ability to perform your job to the best of your ability.In other words, you will learn:There are a number of major benefits of completing our receptionist diploma including the following:Our receptionist diploma will make it easier for you to change career and to make the kind of progress that you perhaps thought would be impossible for you. Our modules are carefully planned to help guide you through everything you need to know about the role allowing you to flourish.


The key roles of a receptionist.
How to run the reception area.
How to communicate effectively.
How to deal with administration.
How to further your career.
How to be a team player.
How to use technology to your advantage.
How to handle databases.
How to make bookings and reservations.
How to organise things correctly.
And much more.



Easy to follow modules from start to finish.
Work on the modules at your own pace.
Work from the comfort of your own home.
Get an industry recognised certificate.
Get full support during your studies.
Have the chance to work in a brand new industry.
Use any device in order to access the modules.
Be able to work in a rewarding environment.


Course Lessons
Module 1: The Role of the Receptionist
Module 2 : The Different Types of Receptionist and the Subtle Differences Between Them
Module 3 : The Essentials of Communication
Module 4 : Practice Good Telephone Skills
Module 5 : Sending Formal Messages/Sending Informal Messages
Module 6 : Database Management and Booking/Reservation Procedures
Module 7 : Following Routine Administrative Procedures and Developing Filing Systems
Module 8 : Security & Safety Issues / Health & Safety Considerations in the Workplace
Module 9 : Confidentiality
Module 10 : Successful Meetings & Minute Taking, Meeting & Accommodation Arrangements
Module 11 : Organisational Skills & Time Management
Module 12 : Effective Business Communication
Module 13 : How Technology is Important in Reception Work
Module 14 : The Importance of Team Work
Module 15: Reception Area Appearance
Module 16: Career Progression / From Receptionist to…
Module 17: To Sum It All Up: Reception Work Explained
