Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17OPM
Location: Online
Duration: 14 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Operations Management Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This course on Operations Management is an ideal choice for those looking to broaden their knowledge in the field of operations and equip themselves with the skills that they need to progress their career in this area. Split into ten comprehensive, intuitive and easy to follow modules, the course covers the full life cycle of the operations management process and provides you with a detailed understanding of the key disciplines in the sector.The first module will provide you with an overarching general introduction to operations management and each subsequent module will focus on two or three specific areas, giving you all of the information and detail that you need to hit the ground running in the profession. The course covers a good range of specific and technical operations information and also more general management principles with the aim of giving you a broad and all-encompassing knowledge in the field.The course is designed for anybody already working as an Operations Manager or anybody thinking of making a career move into the field. It is particularly useful for those who have previous experience within operations and are thinking of taking the next step into management.  However, the course has been specifically designed to require no previous knowledge of the sector.This course covers these key areas in detail, plus much more:


An introduction to operations management, including its purpose and key principles, as well as a brief history of the discipline and an examination of what successful operations management looks like.
The key technical skills and personal attributes that you need to become a good Operations Manager and how to develop a career in the field.
A definition of supply chain management and specific information relating to the sub-areas of purchasing and inventory.
A further analysis of supply chain management, including the roles of product development, design, distribution and marketing.
How to ensure good quality across the different phases of operations management, including quality standards and dealing with legal regulations.
The parallels between operations management and project management, how to structure your own operations projects and the use of new project methodologies such as Six Sigma, lean production and continuous improvement.
An overview of the different types of employment and worker statutes found in the operations sector, including the use of contractors and subcontractors.
Effective methods of managing people, including employees, contractors and suppliers, and your legal responsibilities towards these parties.
The financial aspect of operations management, including dealing with cost management and ways to reduce costs throughout the organisation, plus how to work with common financial documents such as budgets, balance sheets and asset registers.
The importance of sustainability and environmentally friendly initiatives and how operations management can support this area.
How to draw up a robust corporate social responsibility strategy for your organisation.
Common reasons for disputes and ways to avoid and resolve conflict.



The ability to study from home, or anywhere with a convenient internet connection.
Study at a pace that is comfortable for you. Since there is no time limit for this course, you will complete your studies, regardless of how long it takes you.
You can study training material on any device including computers, tablets, or mobile phones.
The ability to easily manage modules and understand course structure.
Convenient online support available while you train.
The opportunity to access a comprehensive syllabus that will assist you in acquiring the knowledge necessary to fast track you in the process to becoming an Operations Manager.
The opportunity to gain prospects while applying for work or other opportunities in the industry.
A certified and recognised certificate upon successful course completion.
An affordable pricing structure.


Course Lessons
Module 1: An Introduction to Successful Operations Management
Module 2: Supply Chain Management Part 1 – Purchasing and Inventory
Module 3: Supply Chain Management Part 2 – Product Development and Production
Module 4: Supply Chain Management Part 3 – Product Distribution and Marketing
Module 5: Finance and Managing Costs
Module 6: Working with Employees, Contractors and Other Workers
Module 7: An Introduction to Project Management
Module 8: More Project Methodologies in Operations Management
Module 9: Maintaining Quality in Operations Management
Module 10: Socially and Environmentally Responsible Operations Management
