Course details 
Course Code: UKFPC16TFB
Location: Online
Duration: 3 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Twitter for Business Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
Twitter is a widely-used social network that offers businesses a great opportunity to promote themselves and their products to customers around the world. Every day, millions of tweets are sent and received by over 330 million active users.In this course, you will discover how to use Twitter to grow your business, advertise your products and services, and engage your target audience. You will learn how to write captivating tweets and share compelling content that will engage your followers, increasing both brand awareness and profits as a result.


Why most businesses can benefit from building a Twitter presence.
How to compose a tweet that will be shared among your target audience, and why you should consider adding other media alongside text.
How to grow your follower numbers, attract people who may become customers, and promote your Twitter account offline.
How to measure the true impact of your content, and monitor your influence on Twitter.
The types of advertising options offered by Twitter, how to get started with Twitter Ads, and the benefits of using Twitter’s Promote Mode.



If you run a business, this course will help you put together a social media marketing strategy that will widen your customer base and drive sales.
If you are in a marketing role, you will benefit from this overview of Twitter and its applications in a commercial context.
You will develop a broader appreciation of the role social media can play in promoting a business.
You will be able to make sensible decisions with regard to the time, money and effort you are willing to invest in Twitter-based marketing.
You will gain a broader appreciation of the role Twitter plays in marketing and advertising in modern commerce.


Course Lessons
Module 01: What is Twitter and Why is it Helpful for Business?
Module 02: How to Write and Schedule Tweets
Module 03: How to Get More Twitter Followers
Module 04: How to Track Your Influence on Twitter
Module 05: Advertising on Twitter
