Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17WMD
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Warehouse Management Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This warehouse management course offers all the information necessary to successfully manage any warehouse in the UK. Once you complete the curriculum, you will be well on your way to a career in warehouse management.This course includes content from understanding how a warehouse works and functions, to managing employees and warehouse safety. We have created this course to ensure that students have the knowledge necessary to find success in their chosen career path.When taking this course online, most students find that it is highly convenient. This is thanks to its layout, as it is easy to find time to both focus on the curriculum as well as the other responsibilities that you might have each day.The course is accessible from any computer or mobile device that can connect to the internet. It also includes 24/7 online support.When the course is completed, you will earn a diploma to prove that you successfully completed each part.This course was designed to give students a total overview of what is necessary to manage a warehouse.Here’s what the course covers:When you start studying this warehouse management course, you will experience numerous benefits, including the following:


The main function of warehouses in today’s modern business structure
The equipment found in warehouses and how technology supports it
The processes often used in warehouses for maximum flow
The importance and process of picking in a warehouse
Successfully managing the inventory of a warehouse
Managing and controlling stock in a warehouse
The functions and processes of supply chains and how to optimise them
The management of your staff whilst managing the operation of a warehouse
Promoting safety in a warehouse and developing a health and safety policy
Controlling costs when managing a warehouse



An affordable course that gives you a solid start in your warehouse management career.
An easy to understand curriculum that is divided into easy to read modules.
In-module quizzes to ensure that you understand the material before moving forward.
24/7 online support.
Course materials that are all-inclusive, including worksheets and activities.
The ability to study when it is convenient for you, as long as you have a connection to the internet.
No time limit. This course material can be studied whenever you like at your own pace.
Lifetime access to the course. Once you buy it, you can access it at any time.
When completed, you get a recognised diploma, which can help to improve your prospects in warehouse management.


Course Lessons
Module 1: The Basic Principles of Warehouse Management
Module 2: Technology and Trends in Warehouse Management
Module 3: Warehouse Processes
Module 4: Picking and Warehouse Management
Module 5: Managing Warehouse Inventory
Module 6: Controlling, Verifying, and Reporting Stock
Module 7: Inventory and Supply Chain in a Warehouse
Module 8: Managing People in a Warehouse
Module 9: Safety in a Warehouse
Module 10: Warehouse Cost Management
