Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17BDL
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Body Language Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This course on ‘Body Language’ is designed to help you understand the different aspects of body language so that you are able to use the information to your personal and professional advantage. In addition, you can also consider using the knowledge to train others in the understanding of body language.Actions truly speak louder than words and it is possible to convey volumes of meaning without uttering a single syllable in the process. Body language is an intricate subject and detailed insights described in the course reveal the secrets of successful communication. Learning the nuances of body language can not only help you connect better with your co-workers, but can also help reduce conflict and improve your skills in negotiation as well as customer interactions.In addition, becoming more aware of the subtle cues associated with gestures, expressions and position can also help us improve self-awareness. We become more aware of how our communications are perceived by others. As a result, we are more likely to enjoy more fulfilling and loving personal relationships with family members, friends and other loved ones.Paying attention to body language and gestures can help us discern between truthful and untruthful communications. If you work or volunteer in a field that involves interaction with disabled or autistic individuals, interpretation of body language can help you forge closer and more understanding relationships with your students or patients.The course offers information, insights and explanations regarding the following:Body language is often a decisive factor that determines the overall effect of communication in professional as well as personal situations. Research indicates that most of our communication is influenced by subtle body language signals compared to actual spoken words.By completing the course on body language, you can expect the following benefits:


The fundamentals of body language and its importance in our everyday lives in terms of business and personal relationships.
The impact of cultural differences on the understanding and interpretation of body language.
Understanding one’s own body language and the unspoken communication that we tend to convey through our gestures, postures and expressions.
You will also be able to identify signs that indicate lying or concealing behaviours. This will help you further improve your ability to interact on a professional as well as personal level.
As you learn to identify negative body language, you will gradually eliminate these gestures or posture. You will be able to adopt a more mindful attitude towards body language.
Body language plays a crucial role when it comes to attending job interviews, negotiating a business deal or interacting with customers. The course will explain how to improve the likelihood of business or job success by using the correct body language.
In addition to work situations, body language also plays an integral role in personal relationships and development. The course will describe different interpretations of body language and the impact on interpersonal communication.



Decrease the likelihood of conflicts that arise from misunderstanding others or being misunderstood.
Look forward to becoming a more established and effective communicator.
Improve your chances of business or job success.
The ability to study from home, or anywhere with a convenient internet connection.
Study at a pace that is comfortable for you. Since there is no time limit for this course, you will complete your studies, regardless of how long it takes you.
The ability to easily manage modules and understand course structure.
Convenient online support available while you train.
A certified and recognised certificate upon successful course completion.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Introduction to Body Language
Module 2: Dimensions and Attributes
Module 3 : Basics of Body Language (Part I)
Module 4: Basics of Body Language (Part II)
Module 5: Hand Gestures and Introduction to Handshakes
Module 6 : Different Types of Handshakes and Crossed Arm Postures
Module 7 : Eye Signals and Eye Contact
Module 8 : Gestures and Postures that Reveal Deceit and Lies
Module 9 : Body Language for Career Success
Module 10: Cross-Cultural Interpretations of Body Language, Common Gestures and Postures  in Daily Life
