Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16CIS
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Child Internet Safety Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This course provides parents, carers and anyone working with children with an overview of the dangers children and young people face when they use the internet. It encourages parents and carers to develop strong lines of communication when talking with their children, and contains practical advice for holding conversations about sensitive issues including cyber-bullying, pornography use and online relationships.In taking this course, you will learn the following:


Why the dangers of the digital era must be taken seriously.
How and why children make use of the internet.
How to keep up to date with the latest technology and the tools your child is likely to be using online.
The most common ways in which children and teenagers use social media.
The importance of teaching your child to use privacy settings as a means of protecting their personal information and identity from misuse.
Why you must be prepared to support your child in the event that they become a victim of bullying.
The factors that may make a child or teenager particularly vulnerable to cyber-bullying.
How to spot the signs that indicate your child may be a victim of bullying.
How to start a discussion with your child if you suspect that they are being bullied.
How best to talk to your child if they have been accused of bullying behaviours.
Why good communication skills are important in keeping your child safe online.
The sensitive issues you will have to discuss with your child when educating them about online safety.
How to develop your listening skills in such a way that your child will feel comfortable raising sensitive issues.
How to discuss internet safety issues with children who have learning disabilities.
What is meant by the term “grooming”, and why parents need to be aware of the dangers.
The various types of online grooming used by predators on the internet.
How the grooming process typically unfolds, from beginning to end.
How to spot the signs of grooming and abuse in children and teenagers.
How to verify that an online “friend” is who they claim to be.
The kinds of extreme material that children and teenagers can view online.
The nature of extremist and radical political content and how its impact can be lessened.
The kind of content posted on pro-eating disorder sites and how some websites normalise other mental illnesses and self-destructive behaviours.
What children and teenagers learn about sex, gender roles and relationships online.
The potential effects of viewing pornography on healthy sexual development and the ability to form appropriate relationships.
How to talk to your child about pornography and other sexually explicit material.
How children and young people use the internet to date and develop romantic relationships.
How to help your child if they have become involved in an abusive relationship.
What internet addiction is, the main symptoms, and the long-term effects if it is left untreated.
Why you need to remain alert to the possibility of internet addiction in children and teenagers.
The factors that make an individual more susceptible than average to developing an internet addiction.
How you can help your child or teenager cut down on their internet use.
The professional treatment options available to you and your child if their internet addiction appears to be out of control.
Why you may want to consider using tools, such as monitoring applications, to keep your child safe online.
The ways in which older children and teenagers may try to work around monitoring tools.
The importance of using good communication in conjunction with monitoring tools.


Nothing found for course benifits info.

Course Lessons
Module 01: Understanding Why Internet Safety Is So Important – How Children Use the Internet Today
Module 02: Safe Use Of Social Media
Module 03: How to Help a Child Suffering Online Bullying Or Harassment
Module 04: What If My Child Is Bullying Others?
Module 05: Talking To Children About Internet Safety
Module 06: Online Grooming and How to Prevent It
Module 07: Online Extremism and Managing The Risk Of Radicalisation
Module 08: How The Internet Affects Young People’s Attitudes Towards Sex and Relationships
Module 09: Identifying, Preventing and Overcoming Internet Addiction in Children and Teenagers
Module 10: Tools To Help You Monitor Your Child’s Internet Use
