Course details 
Course Code: UKVC20IPS
Location: Online
Duration: 2 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Interpersonal Skills Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers and devices

Course Description
Interpersonal skills are social skills that allow you to interact and communicate with people around you. They shape who we are and how others view us in our daily lives. These abilities are learned from the experiences you have had throughout life. While this skill set can come easily to many people, some people find it more difficult socialising in the workplace, home and elsewhere. As we are all a product of our environment, everyone is different in how they learned to socialise with others. Finding ways in which to better ourselves is and always has been attainable.In this course, we are going to discuss the importance that these skills play in leading a successful and fulfilling life. You are going to discover that there are ways in which to train yourself to use your learned behaviours, to enrich and enhance any situation in which you may find yourself. The result is a more confident version of yourself that can assess and overcome problems and issues. It takes time, but the beauty of interpersonal skills is that they can always be taught and relearned when needed. Working on these behaviours daily can lead to a more rewarding life and career.


How vital interpersonal skills are in the workplace, home, and other environments
How you can improve your skill set through practice and other methods
That you don’t have to keep using the same behaviours that you have done in the past
How a strong skill set gives you confidence and peace in any situation



You can develop better skills to use at work and at home
You can improve how you socialise with others
You can identify what you need to fix when it comes to your learned behaviours
You will be able to enter any social situation with confidence


Course Lessons
Module 01: Defining the Meaning of Interpersonal Skills
Module 02: Using Interpersonal Skills in the Workplace
Module 03: Learning and Using Interpersonal Skills
