Course details 
Course Code: UKVC19FDP
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Fitness Diploma (Personal Trainer / Fitness Instructor)
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Please Note: This course is not recognised by REPs.Do you have a passion for a healthy lifestyle, incorporating diet and exercise into your daily routine that you now want to share with others? This diploma will teach you everything you need to know about being an effective fitness instructor/personal trainer and helping your clients achieve their fitness goals on a daily basis.32 comprehensive modulesThe Fitness Diploma is broken into comprehensive modules which will teach you everything you need to know to become a successful fitness instructor or personal trainer. The course is set in manageable modules which you can study at your own pace and in your own time while still having the benefit of a full-time position.End of course certificationOn completion of the course, you will be required to pass a test, which is made up of multiple choice questions based on the modules you have studied. Once you pass, you will be able to download and print your certificate and start using your new diploma to enjoy a successful career within the fitness industry. You also have the option of having your diploma posted to you at an additional cost.This course is designed to provide you with a complete overview of what you need to become a successful fitness instructor or personal trainer. During the course you can expect to learn the following:The fitness diploma will provide you with a wide number of benefits to help you enjoy a successful career as a fitness instructor or personal trainer.


Learn what you will need to begin your career in fitness, from the skills you will need to the role you will be expected to perform on a daily basis.
Understand the human anatomy of the bones, their function and how exercise can impact the bones. You will also learn about how bones are affected as part of the ageing process.
Learn more about the cardiovascular system from the heart's function to respiratory function and how these are impacted by exercise, along with the benefits.
Get an understanding of muscles and how they work and the different muscle types.
Understand joints and nervous system, as well as injury prevention.
Learn more about obesity and diabetes and how the two are linked. Obesity has become a serious issue in the United Kingdom with more people being diagnosed with diabetes on a daily basis.
Get a good understanding of a healthy and well-balanced diet and why this is so important in conjunction with exercise. Learn the five main food groups, types of food and how to set nutritional goals.
Learn how to encourage your clients to embrace an active lifestyle and how it can benefit them in the long run.
Identify how exercise impacts the body as a whole.
Learn how to safely monitor your clients' exercise intensity.
Learn how to set fitness plans in place, how to plan, difficulties you may face and standards you must adhere to.
Get a good understanding of the importance of stretching, working with disabled customers and outdoor exercise routines.
Learn how to work with children, from exercise to diet.
Identify if yoga or pilates may be something you will want to specialise in.
Know how to deal with emergencies in the fitness industry.



Fast track your career.
Improve your career prospects.
Improve your knowledge and skill when it comes to the human anatomy.
Understand the link between exercise and diet.
Know how to work with your client, encourage them and support them to achieve their goals.
Use any device to access the modules online, enabling you to study from anywhere at any time.
Study at your own pace with no schedules or deadlines to adhere to.
Be rewarded with an industry recognised certification on successful completion (this is not recognised by REPs).
Take advantage of online support during your studies.
Be confident in your abilities and knowledge as a fitness instructor or personal trainer.


Course Lessons
Module 01 : Beginning a Career in the Fitness Industry
Module 02 : Anatomy – The Skeleton
Module 03 : Anatomy – Cardiovascular System
Module 04 : Anatomy – Muscles and Somatotypes
Module 05 : Anatomy – The Nervous System
Module 06 : Anatomy – The Joints
Module 07 : Obesity and Diabetes
Module 08 : Diet and Fitness
Module 09 : Collecting & Analysing Nutritional Information & Nutritional Goal Setting
Module 10 : Encouraging Clients to Incorporate Activity into their Lifestyle & Understanding of Health Benefits
Module 11 : The Effects of Exercise on the Body
Module 12 : How to Safely Monitor Exercise Intensity
Module 13 : GP and Exercise Referral
Module 14 : Preparing Fitness Plans for Clients
Module 15: Stretching Fitness
Module 16: Fitness Training for Disabled People
Module 17: Group Personal Training
Module 18: Gym Exercising – Planning and Instructing
Module 19: An In Depth Look at Personal Training
Module 20: Outdoor Fitness
Module 21: Children – Fitness and Diet
Module 22: Yoga Instructing
Module 23: Pilates Instructor
Module 24: Understanding Emergency Procedures in a Fitness Environment
Module 25: Understanding & Controlling Risks in a Fitness Environment
Module 26: Safeguarding Children and Vulnerable Adults
Module 27: Setting Up your own Fitness or Personal Training Business
Module 28: Customer Care and Dealing with Enquiries
Module 29: Finance
Module 30: Insurance and Tax
Module 31: Marketing Yourself as a Personal Trainer
Module 32: Health and Safety
