Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC15FLA
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Floristry Academy Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Have you been dreaming of opening your own florist or you want to kick start a career in floristry? Maybe you're already working in the industry and want to fast track your career, then this online Floristry Academy Diploma is the right choice for you.21 Information packed modulesThis course comprises of twenty one information packed modules, each one providing you with the knowledge and skills you will need for a career in the florist industry. In addition to the study modules, you also get access to nine useful instruction videos to help you achieve success in this chosen career.Study anywhereThe floristry course is available online and accessible on any device, from a computer to your tablet or mobile phone, enabling you to study at any time and anywhere. On completion and after passing the multiple choice test, you can download and print your certificate, which is recognised by industry leaders.When completing this diploma, you can expect to have knowledge in all areas of floristry, including:If you love plants and flowers, then this diploma can open up so many doors for you within the florist industry. There are so many great benefits of completing this online course, these include:


An introduction to floristry where you will learn the basics of floristry, a history and what you will need to have a career in this industry.
Careers in Floristry – in this module you will learn your responsibilities, requirements for entering the industry and the possibilities that are available to you.
What you need to know about flowers and plants – this essential module will provide you with all the information you need to know about plants and flowers, from colours to diseases to handling and more.
Services provided – you will learn what services are provided by florists and various business models, how to use technology and how to deal with commercial customers.
How to process, store and maintain plants – in this module you will learn some valuable advice on the processing, storing and maintaining of plants, along with products you can use to maintain cut flowers.
Popular flowers, greens and fillers – this module will provide you with the information needed in the florist industry regarding the most popular flower choices and what greens and fillers you can use to create a spectacular bouquet or arrangement.
Elements and principles of design – this module is going to provide you with insight into the design elements associated with floristry. Balance, scale, colour and size and so much more.
Design basics – you will learn the basics of design and style in floristry. Elements of design, Western and Eastern influences and mass arrangements are covered in this information packed module.
Making floral arrangements – in this module you will learn how to make floral arrangements.
Vase arrangements – learn how to effectively create the perfect arrangement for a vase.
Tied bouquet – learn how to pick a focal flower to create the centrepiece of your bouquet. Take advantage of the easy to understand step by step instructional video.
The corsage – learn the history of the corsage and how to make one.
Wedding flowers – the requirements, setting yourself up as a wedding florist, building a portfolio and how to create the perfect wedding bouquet.
Funeral flowers – learn the traditions surrounding funeral flowers, choosing the flowers and their meaning and how to create a funeral wreath.
Basket gardens and fruit baskets – learn how to create beautiful basket gardens or fruit baskets.
Jobs in the Florist Industry – this module will provide you with some insight on how to get a job in the florist industry, from looking for an opening to creating your own job opportunities.
Starting your own florist business – this module covers everything from creating a business plan to financing.
Marketing – you will learn the best marketing techniques you can use to boost your brand and increase your customer base.



Gain the skills you need to succeed in the florist industry.
Fast track your career
Learn insider secrets, tips and advice to ensure you succeed in floristry.
Easy study materials which you can study at your own pace and anywhere at any time online.
Informative step by step video guides.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Your Introduction to Floristry
Module 2 : Careers in Floristry
Module 3 : What You Need To Know About Flowers and Plants
Module 4 : Services Provided by Florists
Module 5 : How to Process, Store and Maintain Plants
Module 6 : Popular Flowers, Greens & Fillers
Module 7 : Elements and Principles of Design
Module 8 : Flower Design Basics & Styles You Need to Know
Module 9 : How to Make Floral Arrangements
Module 10 : How to Make a Container Arrangement
Module 11 : How to Make an Arrangement for a Vase
Module 12 : How to Make a Hand-tied Bouquet
Module 13 : How to Make a Corsage or Boutonniere
Module 14 : Wedding Flowers
Module 15: How to Make a Wedding Bouquet
Module 16: Funeral Flowers
Module 17: How to Make a Funeral Wreath
Module 18: How to Make a Basket Garden & Fruit Basket
Module 19: Getting a Job in the Floristry Industry
Module 20: Starting Your Own Business
Module 21: Getting Customers / Marketing
