Course details 
Course Code: UKMEC17UGC
Location: Online
Duration: 8 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Urban Gardening Certificate
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This Urban Gardening course is designed to give you all the information you need to start a garden in an urban area. Upon completing the course, not only will you be ready to create a garden from scratch, you will know how to keep up and expand your garden year after year.This course includes everything from choosing a location for your urban garden to collecting seeds from your garden for the following years. We have created this course to ensure that you understand what creating an urban garden entails and how to care for the garden you create.The course is online and provides you with a convenient way to study the course material when it is most convenient for your schedule. Students who take the course still have time to continue working.You will have access to the urban garden course material from your computer or any mobile device with internet access. We also offer access to online support 24/7.When you complete the course, you will obtain a course certificate, which proves that you have successfully completed the Urban Gardening course. You can download the certificate from home, or we can post it to you for a fee.We created this Urban Gardening course to offer students a full overview of how to create an urban garden. When you complete the course, you will be ready to create an urban garden of your own.The course covers the following information:When you begin your study of this Urban Gardening course, you will find the following benefits:


A history of urban gardening
Choosing the right location for your urban garden
Determining how much sun your garden gets
The tools and supplies you need for your garden
Understanding plant hardiness
The difference between annuals and perennials
Creating a budget for your garden
Appropriate plants for urban gardens
Preparing the soil for an urban garden
Crop rotation
Watering and fertilising
Tackling weeds, pests and disease
How to transplant plants
Creating compost for your urban garden
Preserving fruits and veg
Drying flowers and collecting seeds



The ability to study wherever you wish at any time. Study from home, from a park, a restaurant or anywhere there is internet access.
There is no time limit, so you can study at your own pace. You can finish the course in days, weeks or even months.
Study from any internet-enabled device. This includes mobiles, tablets and computers.
Easy to understand course that is divided into digestible modules. This makes studying an enjoyable experience.
Access to support online, which helps you to continue to stay on track as you work through the course.
Course training that is all-inclusive; worksheets, activities and quizzes help to keep you on track.
Improve your odds of success when starting an urban garden.
Earning a recognised certificate upon completion of the course.
Affordable material.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Urban Gardens
Module 2: Choosing Plants for your Urban Garden
Module 3: Planting and Maintaining an Urban Garden
Module 4: Caring for and Getting More Out of an Urban Garden
Module 5: Beyond the Urban Garden
