Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16ADV
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Advertising and Marketing Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Are you looking for an opportunity to push your career forward to the next level? Do you have your eye on a promotional opportunity at work and want to gain more knowledge and skill in the advertising industry? Do you want to improve your knowledge and possibly change your career completely? Our advertising diploma will provide you with all the information you need to enjoy a successful career in advertising at a price you can afford.If you have a creative flair, if you want to put marketing strategies together and help your company achieve its goals, then this advertising diploma may be just what you are looking for.IntroductionThis diploma offers the convenience of online learning. You access all the information-packed modules via the internet, which enables you to study using any device at any time. You can even study on your way home from a full day at work on the bus, train or tube.The course is broken into easy to manage modules, all of which take around thirty minutes to complete. Once you have completed the course you will take the multiple-choice test and on passing, you will have the chance to download and print your certificate immediately. In the event you don't pass the first time, don't despair, you will be given a second chance to go through the modules and take the test again.You will have the unique opportunity to study at your own pace, in your own time and from any device to gain the certification you need to boost your career moving forward.This course is broken into eighteen easy to manage and information-packed modules, each module will give you the knowledge you need to enjoy a successful career in advertising. You can expect to gain a wealth of knowledge when taking this course. You will learn:There are numerous benefits you will find when you take and successfully complete this advertising course. The benefits include:


Take a deeper look into advertising and understand the difference between advertising and marketing.
Learn about media planning, what it is, the process and scheduling, to name a few.
Understand what marketing strategies are, why they are important and how they can benefit your company.
Get insight into the purpose of adverts. This module will take a closer look at the history of adverts, how adverts benefit a company and viral advertising.
Understand the importance of market research in advertising and how this can be of benefit. Learn about customer research and satisfaction and the different types of research you can carry out at any time.
Take a look at setting budgets and how to stick to them.
Learn about message positioning. Understand how to define your brand's message and how to create messages.
Learn the different elements of an advertising campaign.
Get a good understanding on how to create the perfect advert.
Learn how to buy advertising space while focusing on your target customers.
Learn what viral marketing is.
Master social media marketing.
Identify common mistakes and learn how to avoid them at all costs.
Learn about advertising abbreviations
Understand the advertising law in the United Kingdom.
Know the different online and print advertising.
Examine different advertising examples.
Understand the various career opportunities you can take advantage of in advertising.



Gain essential knowledge and skills to achieve success in the fast paced advertising industry.
Study online at your own convenience, in your own time and at your own pace
Study using any device, as long as it connects to the internet
Enjoy the convenience of an online tutor
Have lifetime access to your course content online
Affordable price
Fast track your career
Certified diploma accepted by leading employers in the advertising industry.
Ability to take what you are learning and use it in your current working environment without delay.
Easy to understand modules, broken down and brimming with valuable information.


Course Lessons
Module 1: In-depth Look at Advertising
Module 2 : Media Planning
Module 3 : Marketing Strategies
Module 4 : The Purpose of Adverts
Module 5 : Market Research
Module 6 : Designing the Budget
Module 7 : Positioning Your Message
Module 8 : Elements of an Advertising Campaign
Module 9 : Recipe for a Perfect Advert
Module 10 : Buying Advertising Space
Module 11 : Viral Marketing
Module 12 : Mastering the Art of Social Media Marketing
Module 13 : Avoiding Pitfalls in Marketing and Advertising
Module 14 : Understanding the Important Abbreviations in Advertising
Module 15: Advertising and the Law in the UK
Module 16: Print and Online Advertising
Module 17: Important Advertising Examples
Module 18: Career Opportunities in Marketing and Advertising
