Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16EST
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Estate Agency Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Being an estate agent, having the ability to show clients available properties, help investors purchase investment properties and even assist clients find that perfect home to rent can be a very rewarding career. You help buyers, sellers, tenants and landlords. You get to know your area, you sell your listings and you earn a decent commission in the process. In order to succeed as an estate agent you need the necessary training and certification.Note: The material in this course is most relevant to business and transactions within England and Wales.Introduction to Estate Agency DiplomaThe Estate Agency Diploma is an information packed course which gives you the ability to study online. You can work your full time job and study in your spare time, enjoying an industry recognised certification on completion.This course is broken down into manageable modules, each one brimming with useful information you will be able to use to fast track your career and succeed as an estate agent moving forward.You can study from any device linked to the internet, enjoying online support throughout your studies and lifetime access to your course modules. At the end of the course you will be required to take the multiple choice test and, once passed, you can download and print your certificate to display.This course is full of useful information to provide you with the knowledge you need to be a successful estate agent. The course will cover the following:There are numerous benefits to completing the Estate Agency Diploma. Whether you want to work as an estate agent or letting agent or you are looking for a position within an estate agency, you can use the knowledge you learn on a daily basis.


Learn what it takes to be an estate agent. What your role will be and the history of estate agents. You will also learn some valuable insight into the estate agency industry as a whole.
Understand the different estate agents from domestic to rental to property negotiators to commercial agents and more.
Know what is involved in selling a property, benefits of using an estate agent and the disadvantages of selling privately.
Identify how to get to know your customers from canvassing to networking and more.
Learn what an average day is like as an estate agent and what is expected of you.
Gain an understanding of marketing, boards, agreements and more.
Learn about evaluations, why they are important, how you can use them to bargain and help to set a realistic listing price.
Know how to complete a successful viewing from setting it up to meeting with the client, walking them through the property, preparing the property and working to a plan.
Identify the best negotiation tools to help you secure a deal. Learn the concepts of negotiation and how to use silence to your advantage.
Know why clients should buy with an estate agent, your role in the process, who pays for what and so much more.
Learn about sale progression from drawing up the documents to understanding what surveyors, conveyancers and solicitors are.
Know how technology has had an impact on the estate agency industry.
Get an understanding on investment property, what it is, who the buyers are and managing investment property for the client.
Identify what a letting agent is and whether this is the role for you. Learn about the Letting Agents Association, along with your relationship with the landlord and more.
Know what property management is.
Get a firm understanding of the law in the estate agency industry.



Study at your own pace and in your own time.
There is no completion time limit, so you can take as long as you need to complete the course.
Study online using any device connected to the internet.
Enjoy online support throughout your study experience.
Have access to your training modules for life.
Fast track your career within the estate agency industry with the knowledge you gain from the course.
Use what you learn in the course and implement it into your daily work.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction
Module 2 : Two Different Types of Estate Agents
Module 3 : The Pros and Cons of Hiring an Estate Agent
Module 4 : Getting to Know Your Clients
Module 5 : A Day in the Life of an Estate Agent
Module 6 : Selling Property with an Estate Agent
Module 7 : Valuation Process
Module 8 : Performing Viewings
Module 9 : Negotiating
Module 10 : Buying with an Estate Agent
Module 11 : Sales Progression
Module 12 : Technology
Module 13 : Investment Property
Module 14 : About Letting Agents
Module 15: Property Management
Module 16: Laws and Regulations
