Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC15REC
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Recruitment Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Are you thinking of joining the fast paced recruitment industry? Our online course provides you with the knowledge and skills you need to work or own your own company within the industry to provide clients and candidates with results.The course covers an extensive range of topics including how to attract clients and candidates. You will learn about the regulatory bodies and the required standards that you must meet at all times.Recruitment Diploma IntroductionThis course is available online, which provides you access to modules at any time from any device via the internet. It is broken down into eleven modules, each one taking approximately thirty minutes to study, though you can study at your own pace. All in all it should take around ten hours to complete this informative and essential course in recruitment.In addition to this, we provide online support at all times in the event you experience any problems, whether it's signing up for the course, issues accessing the modules or even downloading and printing your certificate on successful completion.You will be given immediate access to the training modules once payment has been received.On completion of the course you will need to complete the multiple choice test, which takes around thirty minutes and covers a range of topics taken from all eleven modules. The pass rate is seventy percent.In the unlikely event you fail the test, you don't need to despair, you will be given another opportunity to retake the test after you have gone over the modules again to ensure you know and understand the content.When you have completed your recruitment diploma, you will be able to download and print your certificate and start using it straight away to secure a position within the recruitment industry. The certificate is recognised by recruitment companies throughout the country.The Recruitment Diploma is broken into eleven modules and is brimming with valuable information covering a wide range of topics relating to this busy and fast paced industry. During study, you will learn the following:Deciding to take the course and complete your recruitment diploma can provide you with a host of benefits, from the way you learn to what you can use your new knowledge and skills for within the recruitment industry. The benefits of completing this recruitment diploma includes:


Introduction to Recruitment – the history, importance and implications involved.
Sales and selling within the recruitment industry. Learn essential selling skills to help you secure new clients and build your database to success.
Recruitment Bodies and Standards. Identify what you need to know and what standards you must adhere to when working within the recruitment industry.
The recruitment process. Get a good understanding of the process involved so you can manage it effectively each and every day.
Get to identify and know the key performance indicators for the recruitment industry.
Learn how to attract top candidates for positions you have available.
Learn what you need to do to attract new clients to build up your database.
Get information and skills to help you with candidate management.
You will learn the best candidate interview processes.
You will also get valuable insight for client acquisitions.



You will get to develop and progress your career.
You will be given the tools you need to start and manage your own recruitment agency.
You will have the confidence to apply for positions within the recruitment industry.
The course will give you the knowledge you need to attract top candidates and clients.
When you start in the recruitment industry you will already have essential knowledge about the various recruitment bodies and the standards that must be adhered to.
You will have the ability to study anywhere at any time on any device online by simply logging into the course from your PC, tablet or even mobile phone.
Study at your own pace and in your own time.
Take a quick thirty minute multiple choice test at the end to see if you pass, with the pass rate set at seventy percent.
An opportunity to retake the test in the unlikely event you do fail the first time, giving you time to revisit the eleven modules.
Download and print your certificate immediately to use when applying for positions within the recruitment industry


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Recruitment: History, Importance and Implications
Module 2 : Sales and Selling in the Recruitment Industry
Module 3 : Recruitment Bodies and Standards
Module 4 : The Recruitment Process
Module 5 : Key Performance Indicators for the Recruitment Industry
Module 6 : Candidate Attraction for Recruitment
Module 7 : Candidate Management
Module 8 : Candidate Interview Processes
Module 9 : Client Acquisition
Module 10 : Comprehensive Guide to Client Strategy in the Recruitment Sector
Module 11 : Steps to Starting and Running a Successful Recruiting Service
