Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16SAL
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Sales Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Completing a sales diploma can provide you with the necessary skills for all types of positions in a host of industries. Are you in a position where you need to have strong communication and negotiation skills? Do you need to generate leads in order to reach your goals? Do you know how to set goals and achieve them? The sales diploma is the ideal choice whether you are opening your own business, looking for a course that can provide you with a host of skills you will use at work each and every day or whether you are looking at joining a dynamic sales team.Introduction to the sales diplomaThe sales diploma is an information packed course designed to provide you with all the knowledge and skills you need to succeed in a dynamic and fast paced sales environment. This course is broken down into nineteen easy to manage modules, which should take around fifteen hours to complete.The good news is that you can study at your own pace, as the entire course is completed online with access to study modules from any device at any time. Once you have completed the course you will need thirty minutes to complete the multiple choice test. On passing, you will be able to download and print your certification without delay.In the unique event that you don't pass your test the first time round, we will give you a second chance. This enables you to revisit the modules and then retake the test.The sales diploma is designed to give you everything you need in the real sales environment. The course is overflowing with valuable information, interesting advice and more to help you achieve your sales goals and enjoy a successful sales career moving forward. In this course, you can expect to learn the following:The sales diploma comes with a host of benefits that you can enjoy during and after your studies. This course will provide you with the following benefits:


Understand the psychology of selling. Learn what selling really is and learn about buyer and seller motivation.
Identify what the sales skills are that everyone needs, how to develop them and what you need to avoid at all times.
Get an understanding of sales jargon. Learn the key terms, know when you should use jargon and when to avoid it.
Learn the evolution of sales. History, current status and where it is heading.
Know what skills you will need to succeed in sales. Learn how to identify your weak points and how to improve your skills to ensure sales success.
Learn everything you need to know about goal setting and achieving your goals.
Get a good understanding of the selling process. The steps of the process and where things can and will often go wrong.
Know what prospecting is and the importance of lead generation. Learn the basic steps to prospecting, what to avoid and how to take advantage of new leads.
Learn how to prepare to sell and the importance of planning.
Identify what sales proposals are and learn how to write an effective proposal. Identify key points and general structure.
Learn how to prepare an effective sales pitch.
Learn about the power of influence and negotiation. Identify the three “P's.”
Understand how to deal with barriers and overcome objections.
Learn how to close effectively.
Understand why aftercare is so important and get insight into following up after the sale.
Get valuable insight into cold calling, sales tools and technology.
Learn how to effectively manage a sales team to achieve sales success.



Easy to manage information packed modules.
Ability to study from anywhere at any time.
Study using any device connected to the internet.
Online support.
Lifetime access to course modules online.
Instant download and print certificate which is industry recognised.
Fast track career and boost knowledge and skill in sales industry.
Improve chances of securing promotion at work.
Develop new skills and boost confidence when dealing with clients.
Improve negotiation and selling skills which you can use daily in all industries.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Understanding Sales & the Psychology of Selling
Module 2 : Developing Sales Skills
Module 3 : Sales Talk – Understanding the Jargon.
Module 4 : The Evolution of Professional Sales
Module 5 : The Skills you Need to Succeed at Selling
Module 6 : Setting and Achieving Goals
Module 7 : Understanding the Selling Process
Module 8 : Prospecting and Lead Generation
Module 9 : Preparing to Sell
Module 10 : Writing Sales Proposals
Module 11 : Making Your Sales Pitch
Module 12 : The Power of Influence & Motivating People to Buy
Module 13 : Negotiating and the Concept of the Three P’s
Module 14 : Handling Objections and Overcoming Barriers to a Sale
Module 15: Effective Closing
Module 16: Following Up, the Importance of Aftercare and Developing the Relationship
Module 17: Cold Calling
Module 18: Sales Tools and Technology
Module 19: Managing a Sales Team
