Course details 
Course Code: UKLB19SMM
Location: Online
Duration: 4 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Social Media Management and Marketing Certification Bundle Course
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
Social media is the lifeblood of so many things today - from businesses to personal lives, social media seems to play a part in almost everything. Learning the many ways and approaches that you can have to social media is an important part of both personal and professional development.Social media may seem simple and straightforward, but there is a lot of complexity behind it and plenty of detail to learn about it. Starting off with the Social Media Course Bundle will give you the tools and information you need to master a wide array of social media platforms.All in all, the Social Media Course Bundle is the perfect place to start if you’re interested in finding out how social media works and how you can use it in the best way possible. Social media is something that can help you develop as a person, improve your business, or even give you an edge in the workplace. The modern world depends heavily on this form of communication, so it’s essential to figure out all the best ways that you can use it and excel at it. This course bundle aims to give you the tools to do just that, and the background knowledge about social media that will allow you to easily master it.


How to use social media for a variety of different purposes. No matter who you are or where you work, social media is sure to play a part in your life. Learning how to use it purposefully and well is the key to getting the most out of it as you possibly can. Social media has a lot of value to offer, but it also has a lot of potential for pitfalls.
How to handle criticism on social media, as well as use social media as an effective marketing tool. It can be hard to be exposed to so many people on such a constant basis, so It’s important to be aware of how to navigate social media in a healthy and insightful way.



You will have access to five courses, each dedicated to giving you a comprehensive understanding of a different Social Media topic. By the end of this course bundle, you will be well-versed in several different areas of social media.
This course bundle is specifically organised to give you the best possible selection of Social Media courses. It is designed to help you improve your social media skills and knowledge as quickly and efficiently as possible. There is no wasted time; you will learn the most important topics and gain some valuable skills.
You will be able to expand on the skills that you already have. This course bundle isn’t just useful for people who are totally new to the world of social media, it’s also great for anyone who wants a refresher on their knowledge.
You will be able to improve your CV upon completion of this course bundle. This can help prove to potential employers that you not only have these skills but also that you are committed to learning new information in this field.


Course Lessons
Module #1: Introduction to Vlogging
Module #2: Famous Vloggers
Module #3: Vlogging Platforms
Module #4: Equipment for Vlogging
Module #5: Different Types of Vlogging
Module #6: Secrets of Film Making and Videotaping Indoors/ Videotaping Outdoors
Module #7: Editing Vlogs
Module #8: Creating Your On-Screen Presence
Module #9: Creating a Vlogging Channel
Module #10: Growing and Promoting a Vlogging Audience and Making Money as a Vlogger
Module 01: Introduction
Module 02: Choosing Your Social Media Platforms
Module 03: Facebook and Instagram for Business
Module 04: Twitter and LinkedIn for Business
Module 05: Social Media Marketing Trends and Benefits
Module 01: How to Increase Brand Recognition through Social Media Marketing
Module 02: How to Use Social Media to Boost Website SEO
Module 03: How to Decrease Marketing Costs with the Use of Social Media Marketing
Module 04: How to Ensure Better Customer Experience and Satisfaction through Social Media Marketing
Module 01: How to Become a Social Media Influencer
Module 01: How to Handle Social Media Criticism
