Course details 
Course Code: UKFET15BMA
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Balloon Modelling Academy Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Are you currently doing balloon modelling as a DIY project for family and friends, having fun with the children at parties and putting your skills to the test? Is this something you would like to do as a career, maybe start your own successful business catering to children's parties and events on a national scale? The balloon modelling academy diploma may be the solution you have been looking for.Introduction to Balloon Modelling Academy DiplomaChoosing to complete this accredited course can give you all the knowledge and insight you need to start your own successful business. The course covers everything from the equipment you will need to managing bookings, performing risk assessments and more.The course comprises of twenty six information packed modules which take approximately ten hours to complete. These include photographic and video instructions on how to make various models using balloons.You study online from any device at any time. You can study at your own pace, managing a full time job and studying in your spare time. On completion you will receive a certificate and the knowledge to start your own balloon modelling business.This accredited course is made up of twenty six modules, each one providing you with valuable information you can use to run a successful business. These include:There are numerous benefits to completing this accredited diploma and jump start your career in balloon modelling.


Introduction to becoming a balloon modeller – learn more about the industry and what it takes to be successful in this industry.
Types of work balloon modellers do – in this module you will be given insight into the types of jobs you can expect to do, adult entertainment and the importance of staying up to date with the latest trends and crazes.
Equipment and materials needed – here you will learn what equipment and materials you will need to run your own balloon modelling business. It also covers how marker pens can be a valuable resource and why you need your own transport when running a business in this industry.
Code of Conduct/Child Protection – this is a very important module which will help you identify the code of conduct relating to equity and how to ensure you adhere to the child protection regulations at all times.
Health and Safety and Risk Assessments – this module is going to provide you with valuable information on carrying out an effective risk assessment and health and safety protection.
Managing Bookings – in this module you will learn how to manage your bookings effectively, manage your time and the importance of booking contracts.
Pricing and costs – here you will learn how to set different pricing models and how to identify your costs as a balloon modeller. You will also learn how to track income and expenditure and how to set pricing for certain events.
Starting and running your own business – this module is dedicated to giving you the guidance and information you need to start and run your own successful balloon modelling business from business plans to services offered.
Insurance, Accounting and Tax – as a business owner there are so many important factors to take into consideration and this module is designed to give you advice on insurance, accounting and tax.
Marketing – make the most of online marketing tools and social media, networking and what to include in your advertising material are just some of the marketing information covered in this module.
The Do's and Don'ts When Things Don't Go to Plan – this module will cover dealing with complaints, dealing with last minute damage to equipment and so much more.
Balloon modelling techniques – an information packed module on the basics of balloon modelling techniques; twisting balloons, pumping balloons and tying balloons.
How to make modules – the remaining modules comprise of valuable information and guides on how to make various animals and shapes with balloons, along with video tutorials and guides to help you successfully build your balloon modelling career.



Start your own business
Learn various and useful techniques you will use daily
Jump start your balloon modelling career
Learn the secrets to success in this industry
Know all the rules and regulations associated with health and safety


Course Lessons
Module 1: Your Introduction to Becoming a Balloon Modeller
Module 2 : The Types of Work/Jobs Balloon Modellers Do
Module 3 : The Equipment and Materials You Will Need for Balloon Modelling
Module 4 : Code of Conduct / Child Protection
Module 5 : Health & Safety and Risk Assessments
Module 6 : Taking / Managing Bookings – Establishing Job Requirements – and Time Planning
Module 7 : Pricing and Costs
Module 8 : Starting / Running Your Own Business
Module 9 : Insurance, Accounting and Tax
Module 10 : Marketing Your Business & Social Media
Module 11 : The Do’s and Don’ts and What to Do When Things Don’t Go to Plan
Module 12 : Balloon Modelling Techniques: The Basics
Module 13 : How to Make a Balloon Dog
Module 14 : How to Make a Balloon Elephant
Module 15: How to Make a Balloon Rabbit
Module 16: How to Make a Balloon Parrot
Module 17: How to Make a Balloon Crocodile
Module 18: How to Make a Balloon Reindeer
Module 19: How to Make a Balloon Turtle
Module 20: How to Make a Balloon Monkey in a Tree
Module 21: How to Make a Balloon Teddy Bear
Module 22: How to Make a Balloon Biplane
Module 23: How to Make a Balloon Flower
Module 24: How to Make Balloon Fairy Wings
Module 25: How to Make a Balloon Sword
Module 26: How to Make a Balloon Twisty Hat
