Course details 
Course Code: UKFEM14EVM
Location: Online
Duration: 15 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Events Management Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
A career in events management can be exceptionally rewarding. This is a fast-paced environment where you will be expected to know the industry and have outstanding planning and problem-solving skills. This course is ideal for anyone who is looking for a successful career as an event manager or for anyone who is already working within the industry but wants to have a certification in place to prove their passion and dedication to the industry.Introduction to Events Management DiplomaYou will learn a host of essential skills, including staging and design, event logistics, legalities and what you need to know to start your own event management business.During your studies, you will have access to online support and on completion, you will need to pass a multiple-choice test which is based on what you have learned in the modules. On passing, you can download and print your certificate straight away.In this information-packed course, you can expect to learn the following:This diploma is guaranteed to provide you with a wide range of superior benefits from when you first decide on events management as your career to running your own successful business.The benefits include:


Understand the benefits of having a diploma and what is expected of you as an events manager.
Learn the benefits of strategic management, why budgeting is so important and identify different events management software solutions.
Identify why customer service skills are so important along with how to improve your communication skills effectively.
Learn about the various types of events you may be asked to manage during your career.
Learn about staging and design and gain insight into using the venue's resources, how to use seasonal themes and so much more.
Understand the importance of financial management. Learn how to stick to a budget, sell tickets and manage the finances effectively throughout the event.
Get insight into the importance of health and safety at all events. Learn how to run an event safely, what to look out for and how to cater to emergencies.
Get advice on troubleshooting and logistics at events from electricity supply to tables and parking.
Understand your role when it comes to printed materials.
Organising transportation.
How to start your own events management business.
Get a firm understanding of marketing, insurance and tax when opening your own events management business.



Recognised certification.
Online support throughout your studies.
Informative modules you can rely on.
Study at your own pace, no set schedules to work to.
Boost your career in events management.
Gain the knowledge and skills you need to enjoy a successful career.
Get the insight and advice you need to start your own events management business.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Introduction to Event Management
Module 2 : Strategic Management
Module 3 : Customer Service Skills/ Personal Qualities Required
Module 4 : Types of Event
Module 5 : Promoting the Event
Module 6 : Event Management Finances & Ticketing
Module 7 : Staging and Design
Module 8 : Dealing with Suppliers
Module 9 : Event Management Logistics & Troubleshooting
Module 10 : Managing Your Team
Module 11 : Health and Safety for Events
Module 12 : Legal Issues and the Law
Module 13 : Measuring The Success of Your Event & Creating Sustainable Events
Module 14 : Building a Legacy for Your Event
Module 15 : Starting Your Own Event Planning Business
Module 16 : Marketing, Insurance & Tax
