Course details 
Course Code: UKFET15FPA
Location: Online
Duration: 18 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Face Painting Academy Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
The Face Painting Academy Diploma will provide you with the valuable information, knowledge and skills you need to start your own face painting business. You will learn how to run your own business, what equipment you will need, how to manage bookings and how to conduct risk assessments.Introduction to the Face Painting AcademyThis course is broken down into forty modules which takes around eighteen hours to complete. The modules include the convenience of video instructions, helping you gain the skills you need to run a successful face painting business. During your studies you will have access to online support as and when needed.On completion of the forty information packed modules you will complete a multiple choice test, with questions based on what you have learned. On passing the test, you will instantly receive your certificate, which you can download and print. You can also request your certificate to be posted to you.The course is more than simply a face painting course, it also offers you valuable insight into running and managing your own successful business from marketing to income and expenditure and insurances, and understanding the importance of health and safety.This course is designed to provide you with all the knowledge, skills and techniques you need to start and run your own successful face painting business.Completing the Face Painting Academy Diploma will provide you with a host of benefits, these include:


Learn the history of face painting and why it's so important.
Understand the types of work and events you will attend as a face painter.
Learn the importance of quality equipment, what brushes you will need, containers and other helpful materials.
Get to grips with the code of conduct and health and safety when working with children, including the children's protection act.
Learn about face painting designs, use of colours and the correct way of using sponges, brushes and other equipment to achieve the best end result.
Get valuable information on carrying out your duties effectively.
Understand the importance of skin care, what products you can and cannot use with clients with certain skin conditions.
Learn how to run your own face painting business with guidance on taking and managing bookings.
Learn how to set different pricing strategies and keep track of income and expenditure.
Know what insurance policies you need to have in place for your business. Identify if you need to pay national insurance and how to complete tax returns.
Learn how to effectively market your business along with do's and dont's you need to know when things don't go according to plan.
Get guided techniques and information on how to complete a variety of designs, including dogs, cats, flowers, clowns, Frozen, Batman and Minnie Mouse, just to name a few.
Take advantage of the detailed instructional video for more than twenty different designs to help you create the perfect design each and every time and keep your clients happy.



Enhance your career prospects.
Start your own successful face painting business either full or part time.
Know the type of events you are likely to attend.
Get a good understanding of health and safety and child protection to ensure you provide the best service at all times.
Know about income and expenditure, taxes, insurances and more.
Enjoy the convenience of studying online using any device.
Take advantage of the benefit of having online support throughout your studies.
Study from anywhere at any time with access to the internet.
Study at your own pace.
Industry recognised certification.
Easy manageable modules.
Video instructions.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Your Introduction to Becoming a Face Painter
Module 2 : The Types of Work/Jobs Face Painters Do
Module 3 : The Equipment and Materials You Will Need for Face Painting
Module 4 : Code of Conduct / Child Protection
Module 5 : Health & Safety and Risk Assessments
Module 6 : The Basics of Face Painting
Module 7 : Carrying Out Your Duties
Module 8 : Skin Care
Module 9 : Starting / Running Your Own Business
Module 10 : Taking / Managing Bookings – Establishing Job Requirements – and Time Planning
Module 11 : Pricing and Costs
Module 12 : Insurance, Accounting and Tax
Module 13 : Marketing Your Business & Social Media
Module 14 : The Do’s and Don’ts and What to Do When Things Don’t Go to Plan
Module 15: How to do a Dog Face Paint Design
Module 16: How to do a Cat Face Paint Design
Module 17: How to do a Butterfly Face Paint Design
Module 18: How to do a Dolphin Face Paint Design
Module 19: How to do an Elephant Face Paint Design
Module 20: How to do a Monkey Face Paint Design
Module 21: How to do a Frog Face Paint Design
Module 22: How to do a Rabbit Face Paint Design
Module 23: How to do a Swan Face Paint Design
Module 24: How to do a Tiger Face Paint Design
Module 25: How to do a Kissing Fish Face Paint Design
Module 26: How to do a Unicorn Face Paint Design
Module 27: How to do a Reindeer Face Paint Design
Module 28: How to do a Dinosaur Face Paint Design
Module 29: How to do a Pumpkin Face Paint Design
Module 30: How to do a Spiderman Face Paint Design
Module 31: How to do a Batman Face Paint Design
Module 32: How to do a Minnie Mouse Face Paint Design
Module 33: How to do a Frozen Face Paint Design
Module 34: How to do a Black Swirl Face Paint Design
Module 35: How to do a Clown Face Paint Design
Module 36: How to do a Masquerade Mask Face Paint Design
Module 37: How to do a Princess Face Paint Design
Module 38: How to do a Sunset Face Paint Design
Module 39: How to do a Flower Face Paint Design
Module 40: How to do a Hibiscus Flower Face Paint Design
