Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16KPP
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Children's Party Planner Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
Do you have a flair for party planning? Have you been thinking of starting your own children's party planning business? This course is brimming with useful information to give you the knowledge you need to start your own successful business, putting your planning skills to work.Introduction to the Kids Party Planner DiplomaThis online diploma is an information packed course broken down into twenty one modules, all brimming with valuable information you can start using without delay. You complete the course online and at your own pace. It is up to you how long it takes you to complete, enabling you to study in your free time while working or study full time.At the end of the course you will need to pass a multiple choice test. You are given two chances to pass the test. You will then be awarded with your certification, which you can download and print or you can have it posted to you.This course will give you a complete learning experience when it comes to Children's party planning. Working your way through the twenty one information packed modules, you can expect to learn the following:There are numerous benefits to taking the Kids Party Planner diploma online, including:


Find out what party planning involves, what qualifications you may need and who is most likely to use your services for their children's parties.
Identify with the different types of parties based on classification, age, theme, occasion and more.
Get insight into gender based parties. Know what you will need for each type of party.
Understand what is involved in starting up your own children's party planning business. Learn about specialisations and the qualifications you will need to start your own successful business in the industry.
What equipment you are going to need for your new business from basic office supplies to party wear, activities and games and so much more.
How to upsell to increase your sales and profit margins, such as cakes and party bags, etc.
Be prepared when your business grows and learn about hiring staff, managing them and delegating tasks accordingly.
Learn how to deal with difficult children.
Identify with time management from pre-timed games to interactive party favours.
Get some basic insight into calculating costs with effective tips to keep your costs down.
Enjoy valuable information on themed parties, spa parties and princess parties.
Learn about balloon modelling.
Understand why face painting is so popular at parties along with what paints to use, kits and precautions.
Gain valuable knowledge about bouncy castles.
Learn about discos and musical parties and how to plan them effectively to ensure success.
Learn why you may want to use a theme, how to choose a theme and more.
Learn about clowns and magic parties, from when to book the clown to ideas for smaller children.
Get insight into pirate and princess parties. Invitation ideas, themes and more in this packed module.
Identify with craft parties and who they may appeal to. Learn what is needed and the best decoration tips for this particular party type.
Learn the do's and don'ts and what to do when things don't go according to plan, plus so much more.



Twenty one information packed modules to help you start your own successful business
If you are working for a party planning company this certification could be used to help you fast track your career
Certification which can be verified online
Study at any time and from anywhere with internet access
Course modules are accessible from any device, from your desktop PC to your smartphone
Enjoy lifetime access to the modules
Work full time and still gain your certification
Online support throughout your study experience
Affordable pricing
Easy online access at any time of the day or night


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Kids’ Party Planning Course
Module 2 : Types of Children’s Parties
Module 3 : Boys vs. Girls Parties
Module 4 : Setting Up Your Own Kids’ Party Planning Business
Module 5 : Equipment Needed
Module 6 : Extra Services / Upsells
Module 7 : Staff and Training
Module 8 : Dealing with Difficult Children
Module 9 : Planning and Managing Time at a Party
Module 10 : Pricing and Costs Associated With Party Planning
Module 11 : Parties for Girls – Pamper and Princess Parties
Module 12 : Balloon Modelling for Parties
Module 13 : Face Painting
Module 14 : Bouncy Castles and Soft Play Parties
Module 15: Music Parties for Kids and Teens
Module 16: Themed Kids Parties and Mascots
Module 17: Clown and Magic Parties
Module 18: Parties for Pirates, Princesses, and Knights
Module 19: Craft Parties
Module 20: Seasonal and Holiday Parties
Module 21: Do’s and Don’ts for Parties: Handling it When Things Go Wrong
