Course details 
Course Code: UKLB19ACB
Location: Online
Duration: 5 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Animal Care and Behaviour Lightning Skills Bundle Certificate
Course Access: L:ifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All modern browsers and devices

Course Description
The Animal Lightning Skills Course Bundle is the perfect way to brush up on your knowledge of animal-related topics. Alternatively, it’s the ideal method to gain an introduction to a wide array of animal-related topics. Through this course, you will have the chance to learn about the most important aspects of animals - focusing on animal behaviour, animal care and animal business management.The three main areas covered in this course bundle:The Animal Lighting Skills Course Bundle is the perfect way to get an introduction to the topic without dedicating a lot of time to studying. On completion of the course, you will receive a certificate. The Animal Lighting Skills Course Bundle gives you the opportunity to take one or two modules for each topic and gain a quick and valuable understanding of animal care and behaviour. The modules can each take as little as 5 minutes to study, so you can choose to just view one topic if you’re stuck for time, or you can study all 10 in one go.The Animal Lighting Skills Course Bundle is great for adding some extra lines to your CV, gaining new skills to use at work, or checking out a new topic without totally diving into it and spending too much time on it. By selecting a Course Bundle of Lightning Skills, you’re able to get a full sense of animal grooming, health, care and management without the kind of time and effort involved with full-length courses.Overall, the Animal Lightning Skills Course Bundle is chock full of useful skills and information. Each course includes a review worksheet and a test to ensure that you’ve absorbed the knowledge in each module. You can study as quickly or slowly as you’d like and still complete the bundle with valuable, important information to give you confidence in your animal-related skills. You will expand your existing skills and have the chance to learn a wide array of brand-new abilities with the Animal Lightning Skills Course Bundle.


Animal Behaviour: This bundle looks at the behaviour of one of the most common and elusive animals - cats. Intro to Cat Behaviour looks at the reasons behind the way cats behave and how we as humans are able to interpret this behaviour.
Animal Care: Most of the courses in this bundle are focused on how to care for specific animals. Courses include Intro to Animal Care, Intro to Feline Care, Intro to Reptile Care, Rabbit Care and Rat/Mouse/Hamster Care.
Animal Business Management: Learning how to manage a business related to animals is different from many other types of businesses. Luckily, this course bundle prepares you for such an endeavour with courses like Cattery Business Certificate, Intro to Cattery and Kennel Management and Stray and Feral Welfare Management.



You will have access to 11 courses, each dedicated to giving you a comprehensive understanding of a different animal-related topic. By the end of this course bundle, you will be well-versed in several different areas of animal care, the behaviour of different animals and aspects of managing an animal business.
This course bundle is specifically organised to give you the best possible selection of animal-related courses. The bundle is designed to help you move forward in your animal care and management skills as quickly and efficiently as possible. There is no wasted time with this course bundle - you will learn the most important topics and move on with some valuable skills.
You will be able to deepen and focus on some skills that you already have. This course bundle isn’t just useful for people who are totally new to caring for animals or analysing animal behaviour, it’s also great for anyone who wants a refresher on their knowledge, or a tangible way to prove that they have committed to self-development and learning new skills.
You will be able to improve your CV upon completion of this course bundle. This can help prove to potential employers that you not only have these skills but also that you committed yourself to learning new and valuable things.
Animal skills are a valuable part of anyone’s skill repertoire. You may be considering going into an animal-related business or simply thinking about finding out more about your own pets. Either way, the Animal Lightning Skills Course Bundle is the ideal way to spend a little bit of time gaining a lot of knowledge. Upon completion of this course, you will have a perfect way to prove to employers and yourself that you know the important parts of caring for animals and managing any business that involves them.


Course Lessons
Module 01: Household Pets
Module 02: Farm Animals
Module 01: Introduction to Feline Care
Module 01: The Role of a Manager
Module 02: Animal Health and Welfare
Module 01: Stray and Feral Welfare Management
Module 01: Grooming
Module 02: Health
Introduction to Cat Behaviour
Module 01: About Reptiles and General Care
Module 02: Healthcare and Nutrition
Module 01: Introduction to Being a Dog Trainer
Module 02: Body Language and Vocalisation
Module 03: How to Socialise a Puppy
Module 04: Training Techniques for Puppies
Module 05: Dog Psychology and Conditioning Methods
Module 06: Canine Aggression: Causes, Signs and Training
Module 07: Dog Behaviour, Training and Modification
Module 08: Diagnosing and Treating Behavioural Cases
Module 09: Taking on New Cases and Teaching Hand Signals
Module 10: How to Start Your Own Business
Module 01: Rabbit Husbandry
Module 02: Rabbit Healthcare
Module 01: Environmental Needs and Temperament
Module 02: Nutrition and Healthcare
Cattery Business
