Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16CCD
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Canine Communication Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This Canine Communication Diploma Course will give you the information necessary to not only communicate with your own dog, but also with dogs you don’t know or dogs you work with. It is full of information that one must have to successfully train and understand dogs, and to enhance the relationship you have with canines.From a study on canine evolution and intelligence to how to teach basic commands and understand canine emotions, this course teaches all you require to become a successful canine communicator. You will receive a full introduction on what canine communication truly is, as well as how dogs communicate with us and how we can more effectively communicate with dogs.Introduction to the Canine Communication Diploma CourseThe Canine Communication Diploma Course is an online course that gives all students the ability to learn the curriculum when it is convenient to them. Most students who take this course can easily continue to work a full time job, and still finish the course rather quickly.Since this course is online, it is accessible from any internet-enabled device, and you will have access to online support during your training. This brings peace of mind as you work through the course.Before completing the course, you will have to take and pass a comprehensive test. When you have passed the test, you will receive a certificate that you can download and print. We can also send the diploma through the post for an additional fee.The Canine Communication Course has been designed to prepare and teach students to communicate with all types of dogs, and it will certainly put you on track to succeed, no matter what goal you have your mind set on. The course covers the following:When studying the Canine Communication Course, you will experience a number of benefits.These include:


Information about canine evolution and intelligence
The importance of socialisation
How dogs communicate with each other
The similarities and differences between dog breeds
Canine calming signals
Common canine behaviour issues and how to fix them
How dogs communicate with humans
How humans can communicate with dogs
The role of a dog owner
How to teach a dog basic commands
Canine emotions and signs of suffering
Working with dogs



The ability to study from anywhere at any time, either at home or even at work.
You can study when it’s convenient for you, and since there is no time limit, you can finish the course in a matter of days, weeks, or months.
You can use any device with internet access to work on the course. This includes tablets, computers, or mobiles.
The modules are short and easy to read, which makes studying an enjoyable experience.
You will experience the convenience of our online support system, which helps students to stay on track whilst studying.
Leaning from a syllabus that will help to guarantee success.
Improving your prospects when applying for jobs where you will work with dogs.
Getting a better understanding of what the actions of dogs mean.
Earning a recognised, respected, and certified diploma.
Affordability.


Course Lessons
Module 01 : An Overview of Canine Communication
Module 02 : How Dogs Socialise and Speak
Module 03 : Differences in Breed and Cross-Breed Communications
Module 04 : Behavioural Problems in Dogs
Module 05 : How Dogs Communicate With Humans
Module 06 : How Humans Communicate With Dogs
Module 07 : The Role of a Dog Owner
Module 08 : How To Teach Your Dog Basic Commands
Module 09 : Canine Emotions
Module 10 : Working With Dogs
