Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16DGD
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Dog Grooming Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Do you love working with animals and want to direct your career towards spending your day pampering and grooming them? Are you looking to secure a position in dog grooming or maybe start your own mobile business in your local area? Then the dog grooming diploma may be the right option for you.Introduction to the dog grooming diplomaThe course is online, which enables you to study from anywhere at any time using any device. You get a lifetime access to your course modules, so you can revert back to them as and when needed with ease.Once you have completed the course, you will be required to complete a multiple choice test. On successful completion you will be able to download and print your industry recognised certificate without delay. In the event you don't pass the test the first time, you will be given a second chance to take the test, once you have had the time to go over the course notes.Each module is designed to provide you with valuable knowledge and insights about the industry to help you achieve success in your dog grooming career. The course will teach you the following:There are numerous benefits to taking a dog grooming course online and securing your certification. The benefits include:


Learn why pet grooming is important, what equipment you need and your personality when dealing with animals.
Get to understand the history behind pet grooming.
Understand the anatomy of dogs, basic health, parasites and maintaining health.
The importance of a pre-grooming health assessment and keeping clients updated on their pet's health.
Learn about the various skin and health disorders, along with the best way to groom a dog.
Get valuable information on starting your own pet grooming business from identifying if it is the right choice for you to creating a business plan and more.
Learn how to train dogs to enjoy a bath, steps leading up to a bath and bathing a fearful dog.
Know how to set up your grooming area, workstation requirements, tools you will need, lighting and airflow.
Learn when a dog should be referred to a vet.
Learn the best way to bath a dog from the clothes you should be wearing to getting the dog in the bath.
Learn the best way to dry a dog. Get an understanding on why shaking is so important, identify the best methods from air and towel drying to drying between the pads on the paws and more.
Understand detailed grooming, such as nail clipping, eyes, ears, teeth and feet.
Get a good understanding why you need to keep your workstation neat and tidy and why appearance is so important.
Learn the various grooming emergencies from untangling knots to working with rescue dogs to emergencies and more.
Know the law. Know what is expected of you as a business owner in the dog grooming industry from first aid to basic health and safety.



Enjoy the convenience of superior online support throughout your studies
Study using any device, as long as it is connected to the internet
Study from anywhere, on the bus on your way home from a full day at work or when you get home and you are relaxing on the sofa.
Study and still work a full day with ease.
Study at your own pace and in your own time. You can take a week to complete the course or a month or more, this is down to your personal preference and time you have available.
Fast track your career in the pet grooming industry.
Boost your chances of opening your own successful grooming business.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction
Module 2 : History of Dog Grooming
Module 3 : Anatomy and Health, Parasites, Infections & Zoonotic Diseases in Dogs
Module 4 : Pre-grooming Health Assessment
Module 5 : Coat and Skin Disorders and How to Groom a Dog
Module 6 : Getting Started
Module 7 : Animal Training, Dealing with Difficult Dogs & Training for Grooming
Module 8 : Prepping the Work Area
Module 9 : Pre-bath Preparation
Module 10 : How to Bath a Dog
Module 11 : Drying a Dog
Module 12 : Detail Grooming (Clipping, Scissoring, Eyes, Ears, Teeth, Feet, Bottoms)
Module 13 : Cleaning Your Working Environment
Module 14 : Grooming Specialities
Module 15: Law in the Workplace, First Aid and Emergency Care
