Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16PND
Location: Online
Duration: 10 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Pet Nutrition Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Whether you work in a veterinary practice, a pet shop or you have a pet you love with all your heart, the pet nutrition diploma can help you ensure you provide your pet with the best food that meets their unique needs and requirements.Introduction to the Pet Nutrition DiplomaAll the modules are easily accessible online using any device, which enables you to study from anywhere. On completion you will be required to complete a multiple choice test, which you must pass in order to receive your industry recognised certification. In the event you don't pass the first time, you will be given a second chance to go over the modules and then complete the test again.On successful completion you can download and print your certificate right there and then without delay or you can request that it is posted to you, which will incur a small additional cost.This Pet Nutrition Diploma is brimming with amazing benefits:


Learn about different food types, pet diets and how to read pet food labels to ensure that the pet is given the best nutrition at all times.
Understand the importance of nutrition for pets.
Learn about the digestive system. Learn the difference between herbivores, omnivores and carnivores and what pets eat what.
Identify how the right nutrition can help with disease prevention.
Learn about the different feeding stages in animals and how diet varies from when they are puppies or kittens to when they are adults and what they need to eat as seniors or when pregnant or lactating.
Know what is considered a healthy weight for a pet and learn about various weight issues the pet may experience throughout their life.
Know the reasons why a pet may not be eating and why the pet may be overeating.
Learn everything you need to know about pet food from where to buy it to the difference between cheap and expensive pet foods to how to change your pets diet and more.
Know about snacks and treats for pets and what is acceptable and what is not.
Learn what herbs you can use with pets.
Know what foods should be avoided at all costs.
Identify how essential oils can be important for pets and what essential oils can be used.
Learn about the specific sources of nutrition from proteins to carbohydrates and more.
Learn more about rabbit and guinea pig nutrition and about food that is best for hamsters, mice and rats.
Learn more about basic fish food ingredients, along with the dietary differences in birds.
The modules will also teach you about what reptiles eat and how to feed them along with why it is so important to keep a food diary.



The diploma is recognised in the pet industry.
You can use your certification to fast track your career.
An opportunity to do a job that you love with no entry requirements.
Affordable pricing.
Study at home using your PC, tablet or mobile phone as long as you have access to the internet.
Enjoy the benefits of online support throughout your study experience.
On successful completion, download and print your certificate and have it at hand straight away.
Improve your knowledge of pets.
Use your knowledge to ensure pets in your care receive the best nutrition based on their age at all times.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Food Types, Types of Diet and Pet Food Labels
Module 2 : Why Nutrition is Vital for Pets
Module 3 : Digestion
Module 4 : Feeding Stages in a Pet’s Life
Module 5 : Pet Weight
Module 6 : Pet Food
Module 7 : Snacks and Treats
Module 8 : Herbs and Green Foods
Module 9 : Foods to Avoid
Module 10 : Essential Oils for Pets
Module 11 : Species Specific Sources of Nutrition/Nutrients
Module 12 : Rabbits and Guinea Pigs
Module 13 : Mice, Hamsters and Rats
Module 14 : Fish
Module 15: Birds
Module 16: Reptiles
Module 17: Keeping a Food Diary
