Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16PPD
Location: Online
Duration: 12 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Pet Psychology Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major browsers / devices

Course Description
Pet Psychology is currently an in-demand industry with pet owners around the world looking for behavioural experts to assist them with their beloved family pet. This course is designed to deliver the knowledge you require to enjoy a successful and enjoyable career in pet psychology; making a difference to many pet owners and their furry friends on a daily basis.The course has been designed to provide you with a wealth of knowledge and information regarding animal behaviors and how to deal with them. This online course will help you to progress in your chosen career; with the ability to study any time, anywhere, using any device.The Pet Psychology Diploma has been broken down into manageable modules which should take no more than thirteen hours to complete; this is combined with online support to provide you with added confidence during your learning experience.The Pet Psychology Diploma is broken into numerous modules, each one providing you with valuable information and insight; helping you learn what you need to succeed in this career moving forward.There are numerous benefits to completing the pet psychology diploma online. These include:


Understand what animal psychology is and why you need to know more about it.
Learn the historical background of pet psychology and how it can be used today.
Identify why you should learn about animal behaviours.
Identify animals' different vision abilities.
Learn about concept formation, what it is and how to use it.
Compare the brains of humans to dogs and see what sets them apart.
Learn more about the brains of cats and dogs.
Understand the emotions exhibited by pets and how to handle them.
Attain an understanding of conditioning, its history, what it is and past experiments.
Identify spatial abilities in animals and also learn how they navigate.
Learn more about pet communication.
Attain an understanding of human language training in working with pets.
Learn about animal training and its history.
Understand typical dog behaviours and how they change as the pet gets older. Identify with puppy behaviours and more.
This module will also cover how dogs learn, what reinforcement is and why it is so important when it comes to dog training.
Understand more about dog communication and dog aggression, fears and phobias.
Identify with psychiatric dog behaviours and how to work with them.
Learn about cat communications and actions.
Learn the psychiatric challenges in cats.
Learn about cat aggression and fears.
Attain an understanding of aggression and fears in rabbits.
Learn more about gerbils and working with them.



Study from anywhere using any device with internet connection.
Approximately twelve to thirteen hours to complete, which you can study online at your own pace; enabling you to work full time and study after hours to complete your diploma.
Enjoy online support throughout your studying experience.
Comprehensive modules designed to provide you with all you need to know when it comes to pet psychology.
Easy to manage modules.
Industry recognized certification on successful completion.
Download and print certificate as soon as you receive confirmation that you have passed.
No entry requirements.
Affordable price.
In demand profession – fast track your career.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction to Pet Psychology
Module 2 : Why Learn About Animal Behaviour?
Module 3 : How Animals See the World/Animal Vision
Module 4 : Concept Formation
Module 5 : About Animals’ Brains
Module 6 : Basic Emotional and Motivational Processes and Social Emotions
Module 7 : Conditioning
Module 8 : Spatial Reasoning
Module 9 : Language and Animals
Module 10 : History of Animal Training
Module 11 : Typical Dog Behaviour
Module 12 : How Dogs Learn
Module 13 : Understanding Dog Communication
Module 14 : Learning about Dog Actions
Module 15: Dog Fears, Phobias and Aggression
Module 16: Training Dogs: More on How Dogs Learn
Module 17: Biobehavioural Monitoring in Dogs
Module 18: Understanding Typical Canine Psychiatric Behaviours
Module 19: Learning About Cat Communication
Module 20: What Feline Actions Mean
Module 21: Feline Actions
Module 22: Feline Psychiatric Challenges
Module 23: Cat Anxiety, Fear and Aggression
Module 24: Understanding Rabbits and Rabbit Psychology
Module 25: Understanding Hamsters and Gerbils
