Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC17VSA
Location: Online
Duration: 12 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Veterinary Support Assistant Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices and browsers

Course Description
This course will give you an overview of the veterinary industry, the role played by Veterinary Support Assistants (VSAs), and the most common issues and challenges faced by those working in the profession. It will equip you with the knowledge you will need to communicate effectively with other members of the veterinary team and further your career in this sector.Working as a VSA is a great way of making a real difference to the lives of sick and injured animals on a daily basis. However, the terminology and technical knowledge required to succeed as a VSA can seem intimidating to industry newcomers. This course presents key concepts in animal care in a straightforward manner, so that you can begin your career with confidence. You will also obtain a working knowledge of key legislation necessary to keep you and your patients safe.From administering first aid to routine surgery, you will learn what happens in the consultation rooms and operating theatres in a typical veterinary practice. The course addresses patient care at every stage of treatment, from diagnosis to surgery and post-operation recovery. It focuses primarily on the treatment of common domestic species, but the needs of exotic animals and horses are also addressed.In light of the increasing emphasis on customer service within the industry, the course also examines the typical customer’s experience as they seek out the best possible care for their pet. Owners can become highly stressed when their beloved pet is ill, and this course contains practical advice for communicating effectively with customers facing emotional strain both in person and on the telephone.This course will provide anyone looking to work as a VSA with a realistic insight into the workings of a veterinary practice and future options for career progression. It will also be of interest to anyone who wishes to learn more about animal care or further their knowledge of the veterinary industry in general.


An introduction to veterinary medicine and job roles available within the industry
How to improve your chances of getting a job as a VSA and how to undertake further training once you have obtained a position
Health and safety issues that affect VSAs including the pieces of legislation addressing animal welfare and workplace safety
How veterinary patients are cared for and monitored by veterinary staff during their stay
An overview of animal welfare issues, including common ethical dilemmas and frameworks for making difficult decisions
Common terminology and equipment used by veterinary staff in consultations and during surgery
The most common procedures, including diagnostic tests, used in veterinary medicine
How to handle a variety of animal species, including cats, dogs, horses and small mammals
How emergency situations are handled, from initial assessment through to the administration of first aid and treatment
The role of customer service in a modern veterinary surgery and how a practice can establish a positive role within the wider community



You can learn the material any place, any time, and at your own speed.
All you need is an internet-enabled device.
Content is presented as brief modules, making learning easy. Access to an online support system.
A complete overview of the issues faced by those working as VSAs in modern veterinary practices.
Affordable cost.


Course Lessons
Module 1: Introduction To The Veterinary Industry
Module 2: Qualifications For Veterinary Support Assistants
Module 3: Health And Safety Laws And Regulations
Module 4: Care and Monitoring of Inpatients
Module 5: Animal Health And Welfare
Module 6: Key Veterinary Terminology And Equipment
Module 7: Common Procedures
Module 8: Animal Handling
Module 9: Dealing With Emergencies
Module 10: Customer Service In The Veterinary Practice
