Course details 
Course Code: UKFEC16WAX
Location: Online
Duration: 20 hours
Cost: 
Qualification: Waxing Diploma
Course Access: Lifetime
Exams Included: Yes 
Compatibility: All major devices / browsers

Course Description
Are you currently working in the beauty industry and you want to gain further knowledge, learning how to provide your clients with a waxing service? Do you have a passion for beauty and want to help your clients enjoy a hair-free life? Waxing is a high demand service throughout the world and if you have an outgoing personality, you love interacting with different people each day and you want to provide them with a service that has you talking to clients and enjoying some fun chit-chat, then this may just be the career you are looking for.Introduction to the Waxing DiplomaThe waxing diploma is a convenient online study course, which enables you to work full time and study in your own time. There is no set time limit to complete this course, you can take a week or more to complete it, or if you are really short on time, you can spread the modules over a few years.The course is broken into easy to manage modules which are overflowing with useful information. Each module teaches you new skills, knowledge and information on waxing, helping you identify what you need to know and what product you need. You will learn techniques, styles and what waxes to use to achieve the best results.On successful completion of the course, you will have the ability to download and print your certificate which is accepted throughout the country. The certificate can become part of your CV when applying for positions within the beauty industry or it can be for your own benefit, so you know you have taken steps to push your career forward or even open your own salon in the future.This course has been broken into multiple easy to manage and information packed modules. The modules will teach you:This waxing diploma will provide you with a host of benefits you can take full advantage of as you work your way through the study material, complete the test and start putting your new knowledge to the test. The benefits include:


Get a sound understanding of hair, waxing and the benefits waxing provides.
Learn why we have hair, what its function is and the anatomy of hair to help you get a better understanding on how to remove it.
Identify the different hair removal methods you can use along with the advantages and disadvantages of each of the methods.
Learn how to conduct a client consultation correctly. Know what to ask, what forms should be completed and more.
Understand the health and safety regulations and what you need to do to ensure your client’s safety at all times.
Know how to create a professional working environment and how to keep clients' records safely.
Learn the importance of a professional image from dress code to grooming.
Get an understanding on how to set up for each client, what written information to provide and more.
Learn about various waxes, waxing strips and spatulas. Get a good understanding on why disposable products are advantageous in this industry.
Know the precautions you should be taking when waxing clients from side effects to dealing with problems.
Learn about the skin's function.
Understand sanitation and sanitization and why these are important in this industry.
Gain information on techniques and tips to ensure effective waxing at all times.
Learn how to wax the face, lip, chin and more.
Identify the best method to wax underarms and arms.
Know how to wax the back and chest.
Understand how to wax the legs and bikini line
Identify the best after-care solutions for your clients.
Learn what you should do when things don't go according to plan.



Fast track your career
Boost your promotional opportunities
Start your own salon
Enjoy the benefit of online support throughout your study process
Study using any device linked to the internet
Study at your own pace
Study while working full time
Successfully pass a multiple choice test to download and print your certification.
Industry recognised certification.
Easy to manage and information packed modules.


Course Lessons
Module 1 : Introduction to Waxing and Hair Removal
Module 2 : Anatomy and Physiology Relating to this Treatment
Module 3 : Hair Removal Methods
Module 4 : Completing Client Consultation
Module 5 : Health, Hygiene, and Safety Legislation
Module 6 : Professional Ethics and Client Records
Module 7 : Professional Image
Module 8 : Preparation of Products, Equipment, and the Client
Module 9 : Materials Required
Module 10 : Safety Precautions Relating to Wax
Module 11 : Function of the Skin
Module 12 : Sanitation and Sanitisation
Module 13 : Preparing for Application and Removal
Module 14 : Face
Module 15 : Above the Lip
Module 16 : The Chin
Module 17 : Eyebrows
Module 18 : Underarms
Module 19 : Arms
Module 20: Chest
Module 21: Legs (Upper and Lower)
Module 22: Back
Module 23: Bikini Area
Module 24: Aftercare
Module 25: Dos and Don’ts and What to do When Things Don’t go to Plan
